Now people get a lot of information from TV.
Germany is a European country.
They didn't want me to do any work at home.
Yesterday I met an old friend of my father's.
They are of different sizes.
It is so beautiful a place that you must visit it.
What terrible weather we have been having!
It took place in France, a European country.
Suddenly I caught sight of my English teacher in the crowd.
What a good time we had last night!
We shall spend a three-day holiday together.
I came to understand that it was not easy to earn money.
Some parents think it useless for girls to go to school.
When he bought a chocolate cake, he put it in a secret place.
One day I wrote a little story and showed it to my teacher.
It's important that we should think it over before doing anything.
The truck was moving so fast that the driver couldn't control it.
I apologized and controlled myself at my best till the dinner started.
We must take part in the social practice to prepare ourselves well for our future.
The teacher did not punish me for cheating but instead gave me a second chance.
Henry did not like his car, which ran badly and often broke down.
There was a five-pound note in the pocket of the trousers I had told her to wash.
People can hardly do any fishing there.
I visited a place which is surrounded by mountains.
I am sure you will find one you like.
It was yesterday that he broke the window.
He had lost his glasses without which he couldn't see.
Oliver Twist, the hero of the story, was an orphan.
It starts with choosing a tree from either a farm or a store.
She never has enough time for what she wants to do.
I find that I have one shortcoming in my character.
How necessary it is that we get rid of the bad habits .
It didn't matter whether I would win or not.
People in the US drink more coffee than people in any other country.
The development will bring us many more hopes and chances.
The Olympics are held every four years.
One summer, Fane traveled abroad.
I hope you think about my request as soon as possible.
I know you are particularly interested in Human Rights.
As there is no air or water, there can be no life, either.
There were so many nice things that I didn't know what to choose.
He decides to travel a lot and visit as many new places as possible.
I couldn't see as clearly as before.
The water in it is so dirty that it smells terrible.
I appreciate your help very much.
You always gave me special attention and inspired me.
It was not until midnight that it stopped raining.
People both at home and abroad have been greatly helped by the new computer.
He has to work if he wants to live comfortably.
She is a brave and honest girl.
It is much easier to make plans than to carry them out.
It is more convenient for me to prepare for the exam than before.
He gave me an order worth 15 million dollars.
The tree was put into a Christmas stand that holds the tree up straight.
Is teaching kids English as interesting as you expected in college?
We had guests last night who had not stayed in it before.
We are all very active and the activities are enjoyable.
If you don't want to take a taxi, you can go by bus.
Bad habits do not come suddenly.
I have had a bad cold for a week and I can't get rid of it.
Follow the road and you will find the store.
I rushed over without delay, jumped into the water and swam towards him.
You must do everything you can to help them.
When a rabbit sees something dangerous, it runs away.
Its tail, which is white, moves up and down as it runs.
Thinking perhaps I was too tired, I stood up and was going to sleep.
I was often tired and watching TV demands little effort.
The little girl hurried home with the remaining money.
His young patient was soon able to get up and run about again.
It was kind of them to meet me at the station and drive me to their home.
She liked it very much and read it to the class.
There were over 1000 students attending it.
Is there likely to be any food at the party on Saturday?
Please excuse us for not being able to say goodbye to you.
He spends hours on the telephone, talking to his friends.
Filled with many people, the room is crowded.
At the interview there are many people who wait to be interviewed for jobs.
It will take a rocket a hundred thousand years to reach it.
There used to be a church in front of the school.
Wish you great success in your work!
All you can do is encourage him, show him understanding and offer him advice.
On Friday afternoon, some students took part in a speech activity.
After a few weeks the story was returned to her.
It was very fine when I got up early last Sunday morning.
I rushed out of the house as quickly as I could.
It is necessary to decide what is worth taking notice of.
I had difficulty in grammar after I entered the school.
She could hardly afford the medical care.
But we don't seem to have much time to talk together.
He was punished because of what he had done.
The ice isn't thick enough for us to skate on.
I gave you my luggage a quarter of an hour ago.
I am writing to thank you for your kind help.
He means to come no earlier than that time.
We must return to school this afternoon
Child as he is, he knows a lot.
Having been ill for a long time, she fell behind her classmates.
Thinking he happened to have no work to do, he came back home.
We often play football on Saturday afternoon.
The doctor gave him some advice on his illness.
You are wanted on the phone.
He asked me where I'd like to go.
Fish can't live without water.
She married a man she didn't love at all.
I will call at your office tomorrow.
He told me he didn't agree to the plan.
It seems that he has a chance to get to on the top of the army.
It's kind of you to come to see us.
The class is made up of 8 groups.
He makes a living by teaching.
We drove through the forest and got to the farm.
When the teacher came into the classroom, we were laughing.
Beijing is in the north of China.
Taiwan is in the east of China.
The letters PRC stand for the People's Republic of China.
He kept in touch with his old friends.
Hangzhou is famous for its beautiful scenery.
You will see the house on the right.
They said they'd be from holiday in the countryside.
As a result of the limited land, it can't provide so much grain.
In China the needle treatment dates from ancient times.
The meeting was put off for a certain reason.
He used to listen to the news on the radio.
Why did you get up so early this morning?
As he was sick, he asked for a leave of absence.
Don't you feel lonely living here all by yourself?
I was told that my mother had left Guangzhou for America.
They brought out a pot full of coffee.
The car is running at a speed of 80 K.P.H.
Now we can read with the help of a dictionary.
Sports and games are very useful for character-training.
The hall and the kitchen are connected by a long passage.
She asked in surprise if he'd really read all the books.
I don't know the answer to this question.
The man had left by the time the police arrived.
He said that the victory should belong to us.
She called on the workers to fight for their rights.
She said her husband had given up smoking.
He said he would join us in the discussion.
He was born with a fault in his ears.
She said she was caught in the heavy rain.
Do you have any difficulty in understanding English?
Can you tell the difference between A, B, and C?
Instead of the dictionary we wanted, he bought us the wrong one.
Are you content with what he has done?
He reduced the passage to half the number of words.
The ship changed its course because there was a storm.
I had opened the door before he had time to knock.
There are many more people than I expected.
This train is much faster than any car.
We wish to improve our work.
These made them close friends.
Many problems remain unsolved.
I had to return the book to the library in time.
I had hardly left the house when it began to rain.
He began to see things more and more clearly.
The more careful you are, the fewer mistakes you will make.
Having been told many times, he still couldn't understand it.
This coat doesn't fit him.
Why not go and ask for his advice?
The nice car belonged to the young lady.
They like playing football very much.
He is too young to join the army.
Today was my first visit to an American family.
People in different parts of the world learn to understand one another.
He works much harder than before.
We practise singing three times every week.
He had known Joan for two years before he married her.
I never knew a ride down a river could be so exciting.
Though he is rich, he works hard.
I never buy anything unless it is really needed.
I asked her to tell me how much it cost.
I don't smoke because my wife won't let me.
If they come, please let me know.
You need not go with me unless you are free now.
They sat in the room with the curtains drawn.
The bird caught yesterday is a robin.
Whoever told you that was lying.
You'd better hurry up if you want to get home before dark.
There's the man who teaches me the guitar.
I've lost the bananas that I bought his morning.
The book is well worth reading.
Tell me the best way to express my thanks.
I hope that you two could come and visit us some time soon.
I don't know when he will come back home.
He told me where he had met my brother.
Why are you at home in such fine weather?
People thought that he was dead.
Because he was careless, he failed.
This book is cheap enough for him to buy.
He did nothing but wait.
When you enter the room, you will find many paintings on the wall.
His father would have him go to sea.
They found the letter hard to understand.
You will have to pay me &10 a week for your meals.
Would you please open the window?
I come from Zhongshan, and I am currently a student at DSYSMMS.
My favorite pastime is listening to music, especially classical music.
I am majoring in educational psychology and hope to be a teacher in the future.
My hobbies are reading books and traveling, which I find very interesting.
Since I am the only child in my family, I am quite independent.
I deeply believe that I can succeed in the near future.
Many interests as I have, English is what I like most.
I want to keep on learning new things to increase my ability and broaden my horizons.
One hour in the morning is worth two in the evening.
The number of people who watched the game was not more than a hundred.
Susan doesn't feel quite well, for she is having an ache in her heart.
How did you get on with your study at school?
I used to get really sun burnt from playing outside all day.
It is not known for certain whether she is still living.
An important meeting was held, Mr Chen in the chair.
It is eight or nine chances out of ten that he will win.
The shop has changed hands.
The driver was in charge of the car.
The merchant made money by buying cheap and selling dear.
Would you like to check over the proofs of this book?
We have done that climb three times since 1982.
The teacher told us to collect all the wastepaper lying about after the picnic.
She could borrow my bike if she asked.
The old woman was so sad and having a good cry.
In times of war everyone is in danger of losing his life.
As soon as they reached the bank they saw a girl struggling in the water.
Some people are reading books or watching television while others are having sports.
Anyone who is against this opinion may speak out.
The house which we saw at the foot of the hill was built a century ago.
As is known to all, the compass was first made in China.
I will never eat my words——I will come at seven today.
He was elected monitor of our class.
He has been ill ever since he returned home.
Mike entered his study and saw his father reading the same book.
I am afraid to make a speech in front of my classmates.
I usually look upon that as my duty.
He repaired my bicycle for love several times.
He has many, but none of them is on English grammar books.
It's a good study habit for students to compare notes.
We needn't go now.
The more he expects, the less he gains.
I could no more do that kind of thing than you.
John is as clever, if not cleverer, as Bill.
Hemingway is my favorite novelist.
He preferred staying at home to going with us to HongKong.
His whole school education added up to no more than one year.
He was badly wounded and made his way to the seashore.
Was it Tom and Jane who were going to take part in the match?
Here is somebody whom you want see.
This is all that I want to tell you.
Why not let him go?
I am sure it will be dark before we get there
I don't know if they come, but if they will come, please show them the way to my house.
I asked him to tell me how much he paid a year for his son's education.
Unless he works harder, he will certainly fail.
The reason why he was absent is that he was ill.
He did nothing but cry.
This book is too hard for me to read.
I used to go to the cinema once a week.
He said last Monday that he had met her the day before.
Because he was careless, he failed.
I was too tired to walk any farther.
He need not work so late.
I really don't know how to do it.
I have been waiting for you for a long time.
The ship had hardly left the port when the storm came.
I found it strange that she had not come yet.
As I had worked more than half an hour, I was a little tired.
My mother is less old than you think she is.
He speaks English better than anyone else in his class.
I don't agree with to the people who say women should stay at home.
This coat cost me twenty dollars.
When the moon shone upon the river, the scene was beautiful.
When winter comes, the leaves will fall.
He hung his coat over the window.
He seems to be a bright student, doesn't he?
The teacher with many students has gone to the exhibition.
My little brother is quite proud of his painting.
This piece of fish smelled bad.
The boy's face is like his father's.
She did nothing but cry all days.
I like English better than my brother does.
Each of us should do his duty.
Pay attention to what I'm saying.
My neighhour is a seventy-year-old woman.
She was a friend of mine.
Nobody except you and her saw the prisoner run away.
He is very old, but he still works very hard.
This is worthy of being done.
People are not allowed to smoke in the cinema.
Don't talk with you mouth full.
He insisted on my paying for it.
Which do you like better, coffee or black tea?
I was going to have my watch mended.
I don't feel like studying tonight?
Seen from a distance, it looked like a human face.
Unless you help us, we won't be able to succeed.
The reason why he didn't come is that he never got the notice.
I had my hair cut off and sold it to Madam Sofronice.
It is I who am your true friend.
Teaching is learning.
To answer correctly is more important than to finish quickly.
The sun set down, and they went home.
Listeners having taken their seats, the concert began.
Hello said, he reached out his hand.
He rushed into the room with sweat dripping.
There was nothing to do, and I went out for a walk.
Look around when crossing the street.
A person learning a foreign language must be able to use the foreign language forgetting all his own.
Seen from the moon, our earth, with water covering seventy percent of its surface, appears as a “blue ball”.
Don't do any more work now, you look so tired.
Although he was sick, he refused to go to the hospital.
Since he was busy, he didn't come.
He never worked hard, and therefore he lost his job.
He made a lot of noise and that is why they want him to get out.
This is the house that we visited last time.
All they need is here.
They students each was a dictionary.
Three-fifths of his pay was spent on food and clothing.
She said she had lost her way.
Bill is a good friend of my father's.
One of your shoes is dirty but the other is clean.
Ten of them went shopping and the rest were in the library.
Her hair is longer than yours.
In each room are ten students.
The house built of brick lasts longer than that built of wood.
The family couldn't agree on where to spend their vacation.
Who do you think is the best doctor in town?
Mother gave more money to David than to Lena.
Not I but he has been invited.
To know what is good and to do what is right are two different things.
Miss Green saw the robbery and reported it to the police.
Painting in oil is harder than painting in water colours.
These girls didn't like to visit Chicago, but they had to go.
When a person needs to take this medicine, he must read the directions first.
He would rather stay at home than go out with you.
The teacher told the pupils to stand in a row and not to call out loudly.
Be careful or you'll fall into the river.
Try the experiment yourself and you will know the reason.
Although I know that I have to study quite a number of subjects to become a learned person, there are two subjects to which I pay special attention.
Every boy and every girl knows that each day and each hour brings his duty.
Nothing but stamps and envelopes is left for sale.
There stand two factories on the river.
Under his arm were two books which he had bought from the book store a few days previously.
