the result , we do n't have enough time for make a friends .
the video is less than 2minutes , but I think it 's still long to make it into a study material .
it have a positive influence on them when they become person in charge of a community .
it is too difficult to concentrate it .
my hobby it is playing on computer , i like this .
I surprisingly discovered that by constructing methane tank , promoting sustainable farming practice and cultivating collective decision-making , Oxfam actually constructs self-supported rural community that could flourish without governmental resource .
then children should be taught the importance of money at a young age .
secondly , free childcare service will not work out effectively given the status quo regarding poor policies or infrastructures to boost birth rate .
since she suddently disppear and did n't call back to home on jam 31 , her parents reported to the la police .
I got working holiday visa .
the biggest problem is that I cant fit into forced socializing with relatives and ritual things .
I have been living without tv since the first half of twenties .
one month ago I left my job at a supermarket because I was working many hours a day and I felt my life like my life have non-sense .
before I watch this movie , I thought that CASPER is definitely suited for listing practicing , but it turned out to be wrong after watching .
other people in a group would be the roles of american .
after that , when I stood on a high wall , my thigh muscles got cramped suddenly which nearly coursed a falling .
oh my ! ! !
and I should to study for the final exam .
I like to read books and play PC-games .
my friend who is working in travel agent told me that it 's really tough work but salary is not good .
I am hardworker and honest person .
so this place is very rare vegan place .
and I want to win Fc Munich .
thank you for what I lost
I 'm surprised that time is going fast .
but it 's nice for me to come new worker because I can make friend with him .
that 's why I was isolated by other japanese wives .
in September 2012 , I visited to the park for taking a photo of airplanes .
this story styles are reflection of Pixar .
I am a little confusing .
I 'm will going to go to Osaka in spring vacation with boifriend .
I 've started writing dairly in english .
because I have to need with my job now .
no matter if the hero appeared as the adolescents , the young adult or the adult .
however I 'll do my best again tomorrow .
not just because I 'm lazy - I unlikely take time to write anything even in my mother tongue language - but also because I 've always been worry that I would make some stupid mistakes and will end up at some embarrassing situations .
1 I had busy days .
I want to change to English my surrounding .
another kind of people are just like who can not speak English well , but the difference is , they do not afraid of answering the questions .
I need to choose what to do next and when to start and where to do and how to do and for what to do .
eighth , the channels of their receiving , tests and tasks were different .
then , altogether three families or 10 people went to cinema this afternoon .
it is a answer to the puzzle .
to my astonishment , there had no water flowing down .
my sofa in the middle of room .
I 'd like to make my girl power improve while getting misty-eyed , I do n't have the skill though .
I was not sure where those weird ideas came from , I think , stared by people really makes my hackle up somehow .
I have to go to my another daughter 's elementary school at afternoon today as well .
the breakfast is bread and soybean milk , sometimes porridge and egg ,
due to the global warming today , Japan has been experiencing the hottest and the most humid climate during summer , these couple years .
if possible , I 'd like to start from September .
japanese often apologize , in contrast , american frequently do n't apologize .
devoid these documents I am not able to fulfill successfully all the tasks you have ordered me to do .
my favourite genres are jazz , classic , rock and heavy metal , being rock and heavy metal the most I listen to .
one day , on the small road to her home , she sees three huge billboards in decay , and she has a sudden idea .
politics is going to change because in few month election is going to held .
conversely humans must educate machines , otherwise all the really meaningful words will disappear .
and there are few doctors and facilities because the center is not hospital .
he suggests me to use the new detergent but I hesitate to use it because it cost a little high .
we used to be in the same university orchestra , but we have no places to play because most of us live in apartments .
my name is Fernando , I 'm 25 and I 'm from Buenos Aires , Argentina .
I want to study English so I start lang-8 ! but I do n't speak very little English .
this work takes two hour .
I was very busy and I feel that I need to practice more now .
do you have hey fever ?
the goal of education is not wealth or state , but making of personality .
in Bali , we stayed at the hotel intercontinental Bali resort .
I have a 3-years graduate in computer science .
also all of us spend most of our life in your houses .
I understood the reason why her face awfully lighted up with joy today .
but maybe i can handle it because on this weekend , i can go back my home to see all i love !
my father just came into my room to congratulate me on officially becoming an adult* and he gagged because my work clothes still reeked , which on the one hand was pretty funny , and on the other hand pretty sad also .
but , others say sometimes difficult words which I do not know .
that is one reason why I like .
the whole collection was buried underground in Xian .
I also love classical music especially piano music and reading .
we have to try to hard attack .
when I came out , she still talked , and then surprisingly she kept on talking while enter .
Sister Alyonushka and her little brother Ivanushka part ii .
I do not know the reason but I decided to make reading books my new hobby because of autom .
the most surprise happen when I went to talk with another neighbours , I realized that anybody knew almost nothing about my neighbour .
I went to work place on 4pm .
our city has become much more beautiful for the Las several years
the course is 72 km long around Okutama area .
I have to get off train at next station .
I am going to work at there three hours a day and will work every day .
I wise sentence is also credited to Lennon : " life is what happens to you while you 're making other plans " .
to become a adult is a worried thing .
there were some definations that she could not explain well to her students
Finnaly , here is my biography . . .
in this stage of development , factories are advantageous to educate unexperienced researchers .
but I would not be writing about this super model if something had not happened early this year .
I know , it still is n't enough , but is better then nothing , right ?
however , if the smart options fail , it is always available the gentil internet .
it has been ages since I post here last time .
I am living in Hatfield and I looking a job here .
please check . I want to say thank you and want tokeep these feeling in English .
this spring , I entered the university and major in politics .
assisted suicide , also called as aid in dying , has been legalized in several countries like Netherland , Canada and some states in the US , which raised a lot of questions and ignites public debates .
to my way of thinking , it would be rather called " savers of time " inasmuch as we have an opportunity not to go anywhere thereby spending our free time in a more useful way .
I had n't prepared enough for it because I spared all of my time for another test .
they are beautiful cities and have different style of architectures .
now i am eager for native speakers to help .
first , a low-glycemic index diet is the most satisfying way to lose weight , comparing with the low-fat diet and the very low-carb diet .
as you can see in the pictures lions were impressive .
it also goes to honorific words you know .
however , as all of parents think of their children , children also Strat thinking of their parents when they grew up .
so i 'm going to the Lanzhou university which is famouse in China .
I noticed that I am going to attend one of meetups next month .
however , people who live in other area like Kyoto does n't know it at all .
I like to take flowers and sky , landscape of the travel destination 's picture .
it was hard for me to run for long distance .
for instance , people content to the ease of using plastic bags in shopping activities , regardless of their harmful ramifications to the environment .
but I do n't know what to write .
9 tells us that do n't forget the process of making an effort and keep learning until you die .
I have been given him some disciplines the way to write characters properly .
I hope people go to Taiwan can use chinese talk to us .
what the problems of diversification policy of Kendall . . . ? ?
if u have some advice for help me , please tell me .
I had been a night person .
however , this is not only a comedy but also good human drama .
maybe we should understand that if we cannot defeat them , we should be shoulder to shoulder with them , attempting to change the way that they have been living , and offering our model of society , that , perhaps is not perfect , but at least , and in my opinion , has more advantages that disadvantages .
how the fuck a stupid group of linguists can dictate how portuguese will be spoken or written ?
on my way home back , we went to a restaulant to eat Kaisendon .
I always think about that these day .
i am a person who loves to read autobiography of great entrepreneur , love to tour all the beautiful places of the world and also love to read case study on profiling and human behavior pattern .
I am opened for all conversation !
I do not know while you understand chinese culture .
however , those plants were wiped out due to change temperatures .
do you know soup curry ?
because of limited time , 30 minutes , my content is little fewer than past .
no one argues if i say that meat consists a lot of wholesome and valuable vitamins , which help to grow the level of our immunitet .
this white sand is actually a fish 's poo called Knobsnout parrotfish .
I study English as second language so I want somebody to help me how can i speak English correctly and learning new vocabulary
today I went to a hospital ,
as I said in my last composition , I need to continue writing in order to past my new course of English .
I wish I could go to a refuge and help them . but I live far away from disaster areas .
however , it was seeing its stunning performance that I realised that rock bands are more alive than even before .
I read an article that said jeans can not be washed .
I am really glad to gather members play music together .
he hitted me on and asked my number .
learning English is not fun but I 'll try .
so at the several international airport the title question is asked those who just arrived Japan .
so I do n't want return home , becausc my parents ask me to marry soon .
nearly spherical ellipse , irregular shape like egg or kiwi .
in my case , I would like to type my name and the name of my university .
honestly speaking , I like my job , midwife , and I am very proud of my job but my mental was really bad so I decided to leave my workplace .
we have rare happening in this small town .
many people were having some that kind of skills , you could see them around while doing repairs at their house , some times on the roof or at the garden , however , nowadays , when you compare big cities with villeages , especially Istanbul which are the biggest city of my country , you never can see people those who have that kind of skills .
I started going to the clinic on March .
but I think , though I can manage to study reading and writing by myself ,
I have to remember 100 English words per one exam .
if you are a big fan of AKB , forget it what I said .
I wantto do the speaking , writing and hearing more easily .
what is a base form of " better " in this sentence ?
for most japanese people , the day of thanksgiving is not so popular , but I`m working during americans , so today is holiday for me .
because in this season , the wind blow from the west to east . .
to my mind , three qualities are required , the first one is honesty , then permissive and finally the most essential one is convivial .
also I 'm thinking about my ex girlfriend .
on the other hand , tennis player use one face of racket to hit a ball with forehand
very much I love to draw .
and it was the first time I took bus in Japan !
I want to go Korea for trip again , but now I think it 's not cheap for us .
he thinks androids has no heart but he met an android who is very human so he struggle with killing them .
I do n't think that it has been passing five years .
I recommend that if you are in depression , you should cry in spite of you are adult .
this exam count 20% towards the final grade , which means which question is worth 6% in the final grade .
as result , the idiom " caught Red-Handed " was originated .
my temperature is usually 35.5 degree .
the Great Hanshin-Awaji earthquake occurred 21 yeaers ago today .
A younger brother want to play with older sister .
she is such a combination of natural beauty , upbeat ambition , and a stint of haughty .
I study the art mainly screen printing and oil painting at a university of Hokkaido .
the name of village which I work is Lukomba .
I paid just 60,000 won , and Hyobin helped me choose a bike . !
some of the students were suffered from constipation because of the breakfast during their staying at a hotel in Texas for three nights , which we arranged for them .
when I want to say something in English , I always need to think it for a while in my mind firstly before saying out and I am not confident with my pronuciation .
it have been found in excavations made during two decades in the ancient Estagira city , place where the philosopher born .
in 72 hours it discomposes and becomes extremely dangerous .
my boss said they bought office for $700,000.
if you really want to study there , it 's very hard fo find someone to correct your essay , especially if you are a chinese but for a foreigner , there a lot of chinese want to give you a correction with stand in row .
they are 14 year old , too .
I want study more words in english
I 've entered the OOO junior high school , an all girls boarding school , where I am learning how to take care of myself and to adapt the community life .
I always like , " what did I wear last winter ? ?
however , I do it on holidays because I 'm busy with work .
Snowboarding is an unnecessary from of leisure for me !
what I want to say is that japanese should n't use slangs many times in daily lives and should get used to think complete sentences .
I live in A City now .
she is famous among japanese people as a nice person that she made a donation of two hundred million yen for big earthquake .
recently , in Japan , there is the argument whether we should introduce casino or not .
I really think I 'm supported by many many peoples .
surprise , after doing that , I realized that my peel had become very smooth !
it is important to understand the intention of the remark of the attendee and their needs .
this shop 's soup is called as " Toyama Black "
I heard that people do n't say " how do you do ? " often anymore and you could use it in case you met parents-in-law for the first time .
I got know more about waiter 's job .
we can choose them properly depending on our usage scenes .
my favourite musician Tei Towa always wearing dark sunglasses and a cap .
for some inexplicable reason , this rugged nature rejected my life and wanted the waves of the sea to preserve my body , and guide it along safe paths among the numerous clusters of sharp stones that crowd all over the icelandic coast .
my lunch is sandwiches and salad today .
for example , our skin will regenerate every 28 days and we also go through cell regeneration every seven years .
that means , they must evolve to be reasonable and rationale .
last one is purified water because people need to drinking water to survive .
the point is , thought she loves to shopping but she do n't like to clean up her bedroom .
today i worked so much , because my colleague was sick .
but I answered always I hate winter .
why do n't we share them ? " she loves to eat tenpura but she would n't cook them in her kitchen because it 's pretty troublesome to wipe off the oil stain splattered all around grills .
do you think same ?
we know exactly what this young employees want and what they expect from a job experience .
watching my profile pic you figure out what is my favourite hobby .
I learn English and danish .
most favourite place in Japan
on September 22 , 2013 already for the second time I passed charitable running in Gorky Park 5275 !
lost the game .
the finder of color so lighter and with a little bit transparence .
I 've learnt English for over 10 years .
instead , I encounter three patients with brain stroke in 4 days .
I will go to India business trip .
I think that you could make a good job .
my name is Kata and i 'm from Hungary .
in my view , he is a irrational , corrupt , and full of prejudices .
we always complain and take life very serious .
an introvert man is not a simple person because he 's does n't reveal too much of himself .
I want to know a lot about what 's happen in this world and I want to talk with a lot of people .
help fight against the danger of negative illusion for a better future .
I 'm very shy , but I tried to communicate with them with a smile harder .
but I tried to speak to them in English , they understood my opinion .
I know I have to hang out another foreign people . .
and the world will never heard the word " classify " anymore .
how should I advise my friend .
sometimes the education authorities at Ecuador make useless and annoying choices .
because almost of the ladies are middleage , they talk about their children who are almost adult , I ca n't understand what the ladies think about , how feel themselves .
we 're all acting like a baby has n't born yet , we afraid of the birth .
if you want to learn chinese , welcome to make friend with me !
I 'm going to go to skiing for skiing workshop from tomorrow .
I cannot go home early scarcely .
in my free time I do sports , spend time with my friends .
I thought that it was just the reading and listening parts that i have taken before at my university , but those other 2 parts add a layer of complexity that i was oblivious to .
my favourite food is " Gallo Pinto " rice and beans together , I love dancing I never had a teacher to teach me how to do it , I just learned by watching others .
I took GRE test yesterday afternoon .
I got huge dream at that time , but now , I have nothing but compromise to reality
I left my hometown for going to university and after several years working in some cities of Spain , I have return to my hometown .
it rained almost every day for teen days .
I 'm telling ya . " then the dog bark at him and goes , " . . . "
I paid off my credit card first , then I bought some found .
today , there is center examination and I am going to take its pre test .
I have a lot of things to do every day such as doing dishes , laundries , taking care of my cat , cooking , doing homework and so on .
if you good enough to having a pet , go a head , adopt a pet .
even if , I 'm on night shift today .
I asked my professor if he gave me more time to complete my paper , but he did n't allow me to spend extra time on the test and suggsted that I should finish it in 2 minitues . .
I 'm really looking forward to travel in Germany .
because they do not have any more vacations to have a long trip , they only have to do this .
so , I kept touch with my old friends in China through the internet and telephone .
I want someone to correct my English and can correct some japanese .
sometimes I feel down , I will listen the music or play the computer games .
what do everyone think about this ?
the first calligraphy of the year is Kakizome in japanese .
my husband comes back home late every evenings .
I do n't speak English , I do n't speak mandarin ; I do n't speak japanese .
never have I met more eccentric person than my neighbour .
it was difficult to me but thanks to BBC and Washington post - I read its everyday .
waves will come to Nasa beach from this afternoon to a next morning .
there are too many dispute and conflict among various group of people in Canada .
I live in Ukraine , Sumy .
do you have a ceremony of prospective employees ?
nobody knew what happened to them .
maybe I can search google at your place .
I try do n't to bring my job home .
I will attand a class which is hold by government institution , but I ca n't make up my mind to attend japanese clasee or spanish class .
I wished they could get a better job for better carrier .
I really felt needs to improve my hearing skill .
beside that , when I went to Hokuriku , I returned the same day .
if i write my diary this website ' Lang-8 ' , someone corrects my mistake .
I chose sacrifice a stable stay to experience different culture rather than to stay in the same static place for many years .
in order to improve my pronunciation skills I relied on different English pronunciation tutorials on youtube .
also , I can buy cheaper many things than Japan .
and it became popular for seniors and families and also their inquiry were double .
if I did so , I could go next stage .
so I have to get up at least before start of the lesson .
as you know , I should click " publish " button when I post an article , but that button does n't appear until I scroll the page , and " post " button is right there on the top .
it was very hard and difficult without English .
I met her only once in person .
I wanted to go to grocery store this morning , but I ca n't go there .
it 's a small country but I love it !
after the neighbour left , my uncle said , tingting you see it was better to live in the countryside , I get no one said anything , and food is green food , air , and the rural conditions or now !
it was a wonderful experience for me to talked with a native speaker of English .
I 'm going to buy a baseball jacket of Kia tigers shop in baseball stadium .
in this season it 's supposed to be warmer stably , but warm days and cold days come one after another .
i like to make friends from all over the world , so i live in Egypt
because i love cooking , specially I 'm good at asian foods .
the thing I mention here is something that you think you 'll never give up nor stop doing whatever happens , and that you feel happy as long as you do .
A family friend of our had a very expensive and large wedding party , unfortunately she is now divorced , we talked about that and said to me she does not regret anything she arranged for that day , she still has photos , keeps and loves her dress .
why did he say " kid " ?
even the boldests ran away from his roar .
I am a student of Jilin university , majoring in clinical medicine .
but golf is a so familiar sport in japanese business field that I had no choice but to play golf .
actually , I listened to his list songs while reading the book .
however , I know that this is not enough at all .
after the presentation in today morning , I found out hold on my own view which I 'm sure is correct is very important , especially in the teamwork , .
by the way , my family is n't good at grow the plants , but made small field in the garden and planted some vegetables such as tomato , cucumber , watermelon , pumpkin and so on .
I reserved airplane ticket by low cost , but it takes very long time , 30 hours from Tokyo to Orlando .
I was spending New year 's holiday in Chiang Rai which is the northernmost province of Thailand .
fortunately I have finally found the origin of that problem when I checked my shoes for basketball game recently .
but I so miss my student life .
I played chess with colleagues at after work .
I 'm still cub learner .
as far as I am concernednothing can be done to stopproducing genetically modified food due to the fact that population increase sharply while farm areas are decreasing .
movie happened in art high school .
and next day I came back to my city with a weary heart .
my English is not very well , but japanese vokabulary is so smoll . . .
his father , my grandfather was a craft worker of japanese stringed instruments made from cat-leather .
I arrived Auckland at January .
the olympic touch relay will hold in the universe for the first time .
it 's the action that count .
I think arriving early is not important , I want to enjoy during moving time .
he said yes and promised he would n't do that again .
I came back Japan from Hawaii .
" A man better than me . "
that way if there are any problems , i can ask them to change my room
in my case I hated forgetfulness to 3 years ago .
there were many people gathering in the hall .
to have money , we trampled on , killed each other like animals .
I was a little girl but there are something I can remember now .
many kind of seasonal food make me happy .
I am from Kazahstan , 28 years old .
why author think like that or if I am in the position of one of the
he found that his daughter had the same age of him .
we can learn a lt of things like how difficult make money , what work is like and so on .
I also went to a mac sore and left it there to fix it .
in both languages , stereotypical speech functions as peripherality marker .
it seems to be no reason to fall in love with someone .
I think we can communicate each other through telephone call , e-mail or even Skype .
to have big dream is also incredible .
I find that she seems to feel very happy to make her dream come true .
I would like work , because I need money for trip to Paris for my parents .
when I ca n't speak English well , I am irritating and feei sad .
it seemed to me that he wrote his affection to his mother .
parents really discipline their kids and they should be more strict of their kids about eating texting .
while I am drawing and painting pictures , my all agony and worriment are disappear .
it have been some times where we started late and had to take the wet stuff home .
this book juxtaposes japanese history and chinese one to get a clear picture of japanese society .
I did n't realize that teamwork and strategy were more important in soccer than names .
so I think " technology does more better our lives " .
however , l did n't see a lot of damaged houses so l felf quite relieved .
why does Monday sucks ?
and usually it is followed by the different opinions the public held .
other friends said me that if I do n't pay to time , the interests will be higher and they could affect my economy .
if it 's near the park , it 's great .
one of them is the company 's CBO , and the other has been abstaining from alcohol since his past assault case in drinking .
I live in California with family now because of my work .
Tom : ok . hold on a second please .
I get sad that I 'm going to do the same tomorrow and last tomorrow .
my students made a speech with showed their picture at japanese class .
poor harvest is attributed to bad weather .
drivers have to deliver a lot of parcels in a day and if receivers are away they need to come again .
I prefer searching the lowest price on the internet .
I did n't understand means of " L point " .
I went to see TAFE today .
our family has visited them two times during this three years and kept our frindship being stable .
I am a ambious , sometings stubborn , girl .
still I have a lot of trouble in English , especially speaking skill .
I 'd like you to fill in the blank listening to the song .
if you commit an offence , police will prosecute you .
so sometimes i got depressed .
I am going to wear a Yukata next year .
against this issue , the australian government has contributed to the improvement of aboriginal lives despite the fact they maltreated aborigines in the past .
I like play computer games such as DOTA and wow .
today I gave the last seminar explaining to our advidor what we did and how we did it .
we went whole of the park quickly and headed to the hotel .
leave me alone with myself , the intimate enemy that badly lives as a squater inside my heart .
maybe , they want to money to drink or to hang out , to buy something , more than me .
they actually offer two types of lessons : one is one-on-one lesson between a teacher and a student and another is so-called " forum " that a teacher and several students take part in and talk about a fixed topic with some questions prepared beforehand .
my favourite team once 1-0 ! !
as often said , there are many opportunity in the America .
the film " East is East " is going to be shown today at 19 pm at Britannia club .
but it can be quiet confusing that the advice of your friends varies in different ages .
maybe because " love is in the air " in this valentine 's Day .
in japanese the words " patriotic " and " nationalistic " are almost the same and such a behavoir is just associated with the notorious nationalism and the invasion before 1945.
today , I went to bought a suit for wear to the entrance ceremony .
I 'd had a soar throat since two days ago .
he hopes to go somewhere without wife 's nagging and duty of caring for kids .
this language most speaking in the world , but I do n't know a lot of things .
my studensts are very naughty but at the same time i like seeing every day because they feel me younger and alive
i want you to borrow some money for me .
after he took an interview at the embassy , he managed to get visa .
it was my third day of job .
because of the main material that composes the containers is metallic the engeneers have to desenvolve solutions for this problem .
I am a university 1st grade student .
I 'm studying about
I am often listening " Moodymann " .
though I ca n't ensure the transferance will take a good result , I excatlly know that the current life is far away from what I really want .
I studey English .
me and my friend got us all the beef for sell . " I was like , " do you any sorta idea what 's join ' on back home ?
and now , right in front of all his followers , that man turned into a vicious black scaled beast .
today is a sad day . although the weather is wonderful .
however , in the Edo era , Japan had an only relationship to dutch .
female should be more active in society .
this manipulation has the chance to be performed whenever you give an noticeable opening speech , run dynamic debates , express your strategy with your caucus or compromise to give an resolution .
my breakfast is fruit granola pouring milk and orange juice .
today two foregn persons were standing in front of me at a train .
among them , maple flavor of croissant donut tastes good and I like it .
I ca n't normal life without medicine .
That`s my New Year`s resolutions .
we are brainwashed by television , magazine parents , companies , friends , place and country we live in .
I 'm very thankful for yesterday 's commemt !
his mother is difficult person but I know she is kind .
my precent situation is good , I enjoy my life .
my goal in this fall semester is not to be late or absent in one single class and to live enthusiastically every day .
but what is actually happening is that the officers are using their strength , their authority to blame someone who has n't done anything so they take him to jail .
I 'd like to travel , lovely places , local food but unfortunately recently I do n't have money enough .
both of them crazy about sushi , so we had it even we are in Yellowknife .
we met there a new friend .
I 'm 28 years old and born in Mongolia .
I got up early went to play golf with workmate yesterday .
I will enter the Kokushikan university .
I like wandering about on this website , and try to find a few videos that might help me improve in any of the languages I 'm learning .
I hope Mandy can live long time with us .
however , I do n't have an enough vocabulary in English .
all other three children have become independent , but my eldest son is still with us .
my boss is going to give an presentation in Berlin next month .
my gums have been swell and throbbing , looked like I was wearing artificial teeth .
or is your idiosyncrasy totally different to ours ?
the 1978 revolution show that how an ordinary man could change the powerful government that had been in power for about 2500 years .
because it has many kind of flavor .
they organised for me surprise birthday party and in order to were more funny they kidnapped me and were carry me there in that car trunk .
I will eat rice soup this lunch .
she appeared tv shows , " Nazo toki wa dinner no atode " , " Akumu Chan " and so on .
they 're similliar to stars on the sky .
it 's good example that English people use yellow to express the sun because they think the color of the sun and sunflower are same .
it has been over a year since last time I saw him .
my hometown is shangqiu , henan , which is in the middle of China .
they rent us the equipment and they took us in a great boat to the diving place .
at this moment majority of japanese people recognize the importance of English .
I was supposed to present in the afternoon , so I enjoyed other students ' resentation in the morning .
Little T always eating a lot and always becomes excited when I am around .
I 'm looking for the job
I hope this site and my will to learn other languages will open me a way to great adventure - i want to see a piece of world , but not only as a tourist - i want to assimilate with people from other countries , be their friend . . .
actually , I came here for the the business .
even though I could not understand meaning of the music at that time , I could feel the beauty of it .
I love be outside .
there are lots of happy and sufferings , hope and disappointment .
I love these kind of what are about growth periods .
I love this workingfield and I believe that I could make a significant and valuable contribution in your firm .
though we are in the bad news of earthquake and nuclear power plant , the season of cherry blossoms have come again .
after eat , we walked around little India .
my old brother does n't live togerther anymore but , he visit our home oncee or twice a month .
first I had to drink a cup of starange yellow something .
I always write the poem when I need to express my emotion especially when I 'm in a hard situations .
as some academic researches reveal , thinking in any foreign language makes you less smart
but in the beginning it was not so , firstly , when I was a girl my mother brought to a puppy , it was female , white with black patchs , we called her Manchita .
I was able to take a little tired however , I still tired to my body .
after then , I needed to go to my house early because it took 2 hours to go my home from school .
well I got an idea suddenly .
you just imagine what would be , if I could read !
next , I watched English voice and English subtitles .
you need to hire some qualified voice actors and some speciailists in editing movies to make sure that everything blends in .
I went drinking with friends today .
A colleague often eats instant yakisoba for lunch , it is called the yakisoba bento .
I especially love travel .
her vlogs are funny because they are very overacted , sometimes she uses costumes and the way she talks is very funny .
those are just killing time .
it would be appreciated if you could correct these sentences to be more natural
helped Hong Kong to developed of the economy , it have many natural landscape and famous resort such as Kowloon Ocean Park , peak and Disneyland and transport very comfortable and fastest .
an another source of pollution is factories which emit much carbon monoxide to air .
after few months , I could make some friends and classes became so much fun .
wishing always to have more time to learn , even the working time seems like wasting time for me .
but Colombia got a second goal in the10th minute of the second half and later overwhelmed Japan with two more goals .
so I 've been thinking if I should take a part time job or not to earn more money .
it has become a serious problem than it is arousing the concern of the entire society .
chinese traditional culture is may be the most fascinating part for most foreigners , but it is not so optimistic situation for it .
but now , I live with 3friends .
I should get up at 5am , so I think it 's better to go to bet early tonight .
today , I went to a restaurant Irori Sanzoku in Yamaguchi Pref .
since when being an asshole is a good thing ?
but i can say that i really like and appreciate long lasting conversations .
as for my personality , I am outgoing , deligent and sincere so it is so easy for me to be close friend with you but just one thing I have a difficulty as to meeting at first is I am a little introverted because I do n't want to show up my self I am worried about my speaking mistakes like right expression , words , and so on .
there are detailed characters and settings , so people are able to enjoy conversations between casts who have strong characters .
I am good at listening english .
I just saw two people with red eyes wandering on the street and attaching one people .
I did n't know about student visa well , so I went to a counseling center of studyabroad .
I like flutes , but I ca n't eat some types because of a kind of allergy .
there were a little group of other fans with me and we all went drink a coffee .
however it 's very fun to swim into the water at winter .
they can develop good relationship with each other and finish their work successfully .
when I was a kid , however , I often did n't notice that my parents or my brother was calling me or they had come into my room , during I was reading a book or was watching my favourite anime .
I learned cool is using for material things .
I think this case is only in Japan .
regarding accommodation , they can live in a pictouresque and traditional village or habit in one of the touristy cities for retirement sprawled in the territory in order to coexist with people in the same situation
the third argument claims an idea of a perfect being to be the god .
as a beginner of japanese learning , I am very grateful to it .
she always make different activities for learning English !
recently I 'm enjoying everyday . but I did n't enjoying australian life when I first came to Australia .
last week was rainy season so I could n't go out .
it saves much time and money and makes more comfortable and easier life for me .
I impressed that there 're so many interesting diaries , and also so many people is learning japanese !
they had some good or bad experiences .
they are so hard-working , however what they lack is , maybe , an opportunity towards broaden stage .
it was founded in 1758 and named after William Piit who was the prime minister of Britain .
oh , I miss my scooter and a travelling with her !
I always get a lot of fun in it .
japanese government and korean government finally reached an agreement of the comfort women .
do you think " young people also can play with their child " ?
in testing program of this technology , we can see some buttons which is very similar to those of Anki , and I thought that Anki is also very good .
we should realize that what really concerns the US is not the possible designation of nuclear weapons by Iran but the possibility to use cheap nuclear energy for development of the islamic country .
when we get bad score on a test or something goes wrong , we use this word .
that 's a normal but also sweet love .
yesterday , I read ' Snow White ' written by English to study English .
I watch a Japan drama recently , so I almost listen their song everyday .
hello everybody , my name is Karim and i live in Dakar city who is locate in Senegal .
do you think it is too long or short ?
do you want to take ct ?
the cartoon was in English and with English subtitles .
I did n't think that it is digested easily , but he really asked me to cook curry .
and if you are lucky enough to get a job interview to become cashier with an employer looking for young people , than you 'll be disappointed to find out that , to get that underpaid job , you should have gained , at least , a five years experience .
I was extremely peased when our local council eventually placed special bins in the area to encourage recycling .
I ca n't wait for drama until next Wendesday .
the places I would most like to visit are Louvre museum and Champs-Elysees .
but , how wonderful it would be his will ?
in afternoon I went to another building to do my experiment .
according to government 's new policy , we need additional photos to import your product .
employee with web development skills has much demand .
I have been studying english for half a year .
too much freedom easily go for too much laziness , I guess .
I can add people , broadcasting and even organization to receive twits .
first this proverb holds true in our dairy life .
there is always complaint about young people and changes due to era .
if nobody states a different idea , on one will start to think .
my father watched Tokyo olympic in 1964 when he was a highschool student .
it is truth universally acknowledged that love play a vital role in our whole life .
this story is about the grown-ups and the thinking way of grown-ups .
is skype 's security safe ?
now I have been studying music and composition in postgraduate at one of then music conservatoires in London , and many projects are going on simultaneously .
I have some deadlines of awards that I want to apply for .
this is the continuation of my previous post about pangram .
I went to Australia for short-term study abroad .
thus , I just asked teacher that " why are we watching this now ? "
I promised with my boyfriend to meet at 10AM .
pyramids are ancient buildings .
ow , that was a fun dinner , huh ?
I ca n't really tell what exactly I 'm talking about , so this sounds bit weird .
I think I practised it a little more .
thank you for reading ! !
then I also hope have a casual-themed cafe or tea bar .
I know about native american a little .
she regards learning English as not study , but like a joy .
we went to the ecology park near home to play her .
then the rainfall dropped sharply where there was under 25mm rainfall for four following months .
hi ! my name is Jian , and i come from Taiwan .
I 'm goind to do the distributing leaflets .
I want to improve my languages its too important for me and I will do it . . .
why japanese voting rate is low in advanced nation .
these retirements became Prague spring nominal beginning .
I w 'll go to the bar with my teacher and friends .
do you have any interesting trips plan ?
playing TCG seems to be childish hobby , but there is more to it than meets the eye .
waiting for the chance obscurely
there is a simulator for driving course test .
both of them have humour , so I 'm looking forward this classes every week .
in addition , the experience should ve valved .
Im from Fukusima-prefecture in Japan .
on that day , only eldest daughter tried to make the hand craft , and my youngest daughter was just watching her sister beside her .
Picasso excelled himself doing an artwork aesthetically so beautiful and load of symbols that makes this painting a masterpiece .
life is sport , so i like play basketball and badminton .
as the statistics I 've shown to you guys , I think you all can better understand why there could be more people choose to celibate at China in the future , though temporarily they 're just a small group .
during the game , on the field , you did very strong tackle , very fast run like tiger !
most japanese want to perfect .
if we want to fight terrest , that means we can work together with Iran and al-asaad because they are both terirrest .
hi everyone I am junior high student in Changsha .
I have never been to abroad with my friends .
caption : I lift the unicycle on my mountain bike handle bar to the bikeshop .
I know saying this will surely make me sound stupid , doting mommy , but he must be genius because who would imagine that a 2-month-old baby understand what adults are saying ?
even though food is hot , it include something sweet .
" this is the devils tune ! "
that s why i choose to pick on him .
I 'm forgetting that how to swim the butterfly but still I can swim thought loud .
I felt I still had charming to girls .
it drizzles yesterday morning and it stopped in the afternoon .
we can find that there are a lots of scenes relate to culture , gender , racism in this film .
I was sick a little , so I stayed home today .
so , in capitalistic society , there is a need of safety net so even the losers can live happily as well as winners .
I think she dresses well because she usually wear the prevail once in each specific season .
he is called as one of the best footballer in the world like portuguese footballer Cristiano Ronald who currently plays for Leal Madrid .
when I was in the living room in a daze , I heard a noisy sound of a cicada .
on next celebration of club , we 'll welcome many new members .
on the way home , I got a mail from Chipop .
when I got this business idea , I felt it is the most interesting idea that l have got .
that is why the special frequency filters are necessary for this purposes " - says the researcher of Krasnoyyarsk institute of physics siberian department of russian academy of science Andrey Leksikov .
I was able to learn how to swim from basic .
wind was strong and current was also strong .
they surprised because getting a hedgehog is quite rare in Turkey .
also I really like all kind of books .
I 'm having fun talking with people from around the world .
i go to work by bicycle , i bought it a month ago , it is cheap but it is nice , you know .
he is very splendid guy , and he has a huge dream .
the government prohibit the access of some websites like " Google " , " Wikipedia " , " Facebook " and so on here .
information seeks ! !
Nowaday we can know the various countries information easily by website .
the main course is that it crosses different platforms , which means the data you input on your pc is available on your mobile phone immediately .
they did n't know that you are light over light in all seasons
to learn more thing make us become more and more positive in our lives .
it was sunny in town , but it was too cold and windy up mountain .
unfortunately , this phone does not have any options from these you listed in your last message .
that sounded sad .
my name is takako .
I am looking for someone who talk with me on skype or kakaotalk
I really love sport .
dude you know what ?
I 'll introduce of myself !
I always use a computer when studying English .
this is one of awesome video , the performance is in Cannes lions international advertising festival .
but in my opinion , I agree with that grading system is essential factor to judge student 's ability , because the grading system lets students know where they are stand up and how their abilities can be judged .
parents have a high standards for their children because of love .
the cellular phone is now widely used in Japan and it seems to be changing out daily lives .
it 's popular places for visitor .
and spanish were so nice .
of course , in a train , most people play a game , read a comic or check mails something with their phone .
today is the special day I started studying English !
so I will try to study ! !
the second key element is constraining demand , by promoting energy efficiency both within the energy sector itself and at end-use .
" rainbow magic " book
I checked outside our bedroom 's door and noticed that kids are doing something in the living room .
if you are interested in japanese animaion , manga , plese send me a message .
I have been learning English for two years , and I still know it not well as I want .
on one hand , I think the homemade food is healthier because you can use better ingredients in your dishes and it 's really cheaper too , but on the other hand cooking well is very difficult and you have to wash the plates after the meal .
I put on mourning with black tie .
I was impressed about that !
there were no many people but it was exciting and joyful .
so a brilliant idea occurred to me , i wwill try hard to improve the environment in china with my friends .
Friday , I washed my hair , and my hair 's wave has came out .
it 's kind of big roll of lavash with fried chicken , tomato , fried potato , fresh cucumber and special garlick sauce inside of it .
they reject their families , real friends because of life in the internet .
five girls in this drama are so cute .
in the beginning of match we were losing but then we won more rounds than ours opponents .
well , I go to the small mart in my town more often , but i like the big mart more because I just enjoy looking around there .
I thinking about to start read simple books and watch shows with subs .
I bought a bouquet and HARIBO and then I present it for Lia .
he chose Sendai in Tohoku region for the last venue and held it four days straight in Sendai .
I hope seriously it will be fine .
today is rainy day again , because of typhoon .
many people study language on their own and compete how much they are studying with textbooks or some language learning materials each other in Japan but I have started thinking like what kind of environment you can secure is more important than just sitting at the table and drill grammar or vocabularies .
the accident happened when I arrived at the middle of the mall , the rear tyre of my bike was punctured , and I could n't ride it more , I called one of my colleague right now , and she laughed at the road to happiness is strewn with setbacks .
one interesting thing about their diet is that they sometimes pick the fleas from others hair and skin .
however , treatment itself was much quicker and smoother .
there is big christmas tree in our condo .
this is easy for me to understand .
i only want to know how people use english as their Mather tongue , and how to recite words .
the first day we had opportunity to seeing Wroclaw from viewpoint situated on 200 meters under ground .
this acceleration began to unravel in the central decades of the nineteenth century , with the implementation of large public works that would exert a decisive influence on the future of the spanish capital .
I 'm writing this diary at star Bucks near my house .
there are 10 kinds of people , those that know binary and those not .
by contrast , the income of others cafes was on a rise .
this is the most famous one of all manga . and this one is subject matter ninja of Japan .
that is not so beautiful than in the reality .
I used to play tennis but I have not be doing that recently .
I think the fairest way to charge for the share bikes would be to make people pay according to the time .
it helped me to extent new knowledge , but made me more confused .
after l going to market with my roommates , we were going to the shopping and eating , so l really felt tired .
this semester I choose korean beginning as my elective .
I finished my homework , it is submitted tomorrow .
I coincidentally found a English blog which is written by a japanese woman yesterday .
that was investment banking industry .
so I decided given it to my nephew as a present .
I 've been learning English since my childhood but i still do n't speak fluent .
people believe that God can get their request if they dancing in certain way .
it may look too many but , I thought that it is better to buy at once .
I log in US server , so everyone use English .
here are some reasons to consider that the environment was changed by human 's action ,
in laparoscopic hysterectomy should have advanced equipment , professional qualifications higher than vaginal and abdominal hysterectomy .
I 'd like a pet headgehog
I heard a lot of stories about the atomic bomb .
in the coast region , they could go and visit the beaches of Esmeraldas and Manabi , full of natural charm and delicious food , friendly people , to spend a great time .
at first , because if people are happy , they do n't have to get married .
hi , this is koteswar , currently i am studying mca .
the vocalist Chrysta insinuated the release on valentine 's Day on some social midea lately , but there is no further information about the release .
festival name is " Mitama Maturi " .
during the filming of this movie , the director made flying real airplanes , but two between-them fell , what caused several deaths
only my car care about me .
I love eating delicious food and I always spend nearly whole day to search cuisines .
somebody think the people that have a good figure are beautiful , others think the people that have a good mind are beautiful .
it was delicious with nutritious and spicy !
I am hope you will agree and come to visit my college .
I 'm studying faculty of law but I do n't want lawyer .
I felt that the sky was so cloudy , and this season is rainy season in Japan .
we might regret either way , doing or not doing ,
I wantto take great pictures like him someday .
I really love this month ; I sometimes stay in my room until answer prayer because in Indonesia the day-time is really hot .
oh I have forgot today was holiday .
the intensify depression makes me feel like drowning , looking for a hand to pull me up , but I find no one else eventually .
I sat on my bed and drank the water waited I can asleep .
the breakfast was already emptied , I went to " breakfast food corner " to buy some cereals .
I like so many things , movies , music , yoga , shopping , food , travelling and so on .
I think that was kind of sensitive subject to discuss here .
the talisman and the other classmates , who made and gave it , encouraged me .
even if I found my unknown English in your correction to my entry , I never use " google translate " .
Cos people seem do n't know what I mean .
after a long time , he ordered green tea and bread e slowly ate .
I want to encourage my friend but I do not know how .
I bought a lot commodity today ! !
first , most people have procrastination just because they have no interests in what they Will do .
the fantastic and varied scenery on the road side , the annoying mosquitoes running towards us , the local citizens that cheered or friendly showed the way for us , to me , all of these were the special wonderful memories of the journey .
we ca n't know how to always win a game and I think there is no such way .
when i have the time I read books , I watch anime ou series and i play video games !
they do n't response our questions or client 's questions even it is about rental or management contract which are considered the main duty of a management company .
I have to adjust to new school , teachers , and friends .
I do n't work in the city and take the train in rush hours so the train I unusually take to work is not crowded .
I try my best to be honest with everyone even if it hurts and use my so many guts to do . .
" a table " , but ' scissors "
it is my second visit in New York City , so I am not familiar with everything yet .
I 've done weight training about one hour .
live in China now .
I do n't know how to treat you guys .
hide plays the guitar usually dressing in colorful clothes .
I noticed that registered address and telephone numbers were old .
so I 'd been looking forward to releasing " the Hobbit " .
hello , I 'm darkuma .
he knows poor situation of his family and have to try his best to against his fate .
right after I had graduated my college , I went for a trip to Nepal .
china is big but it does n't mean all asian come from china .
my hobby is read all kinds of books and magazines .
describe me the difference please , thank you in advance !
I will go to the Canada working holiday in February .
I made story of comedy skit with a friend of min today .
to join needs tickets which are sold at 2,800 yen .
then the people in church asked me to come on Sunday .
I remember that it took 2 hours or so to the top .
it 's really hot there days in Tokyo .
I want to do a essential and abstract discussion outside such a frame .
it 's been ages since I posted this web-site last .
hope I can talk to you soon . .
I think better to use for English over 2 hours in holiday .
for instance , in his works in Provensale landscape present mostly bright colours , like blue , yellow and lavender .
in conclusion , we need to update ourselves regarding new technologies because if we run a business , we will take advantage of all the good things that internet can offer .
but now , I regret of that attitude , now i think is a great tool .
hello my name is Rodolfo , I 'm from Brazil .
however , some people younger than 60 complain of their symptoms like Minamata disease .
I want more time , sleep more !
we went out for the " huanong " tasty food festival , i tried a lot of delicious food , actually not very tasty but interesting .
your ship already is in the port . "
I 'm not good at memorize some idiom with easy verbal words .
I had almost 50 teachers in my studying life , some of them were really kind while others defiantly not so good .
hello everyone , my name is ZhiwenYE , come from china .
we met on the share house of the Philippines for the first time , when I visited Philippines for the job interview .
was I shocked , therefore , to find that she had blocked me completely , in return !
less restriction and more space for free creation are also required , within some reasonable boundaries of course .
he was once hired by the Royal danish theatre because of his good voice , and fired soon when his voice went bad .
Korea is my country .
when it was four p.m. I went home .
I have worked and lived in upcountry Thailand almost one year .
but , I 'm sorry I ca n't drink a cup of testy green tea !
I did not expect whether I could make friends .
maybe some more money for me would be very appriciated ! !
I chose humanities not education , because I thought I should study English grammar deeply to be an English teacher .
the best way to learn how to encode english sentence meaningly that was a process known as deliberate practice .
even if I can not find a good function or get error , of course I never ask or say complaint .
TAKOYAKI is flour dough fried , its in the cutting octopus .
I 'm Binh and i work as it manager in banking .
I felt I need more time to sleep .
early to bed and early to rise , makes a man healthy , wealthy , and wise . I like this phrase .
I 'm into decolate my flat since I started living on my own .
recently , I tolk with foreigner .
by 11 p.m. I was really weary and want to bed .
but my land Lady not at home , so I cannot call her .
you can see chinese culturals in characters , when you learn a language , it is very important to know their culture .
there seems to have pros and cons concerning with this renovation .
after that , we went t o the sea .
we are a little talking every day .
Hakone ekiden takes place at every beginning of a year .
Jeremy Rifkin is born in the USA in the 1940th .
I must clear out my garage if I went get more space
the winter is beautiful time of year .
firstly , some children are afraid of clowns , because they suffer from phobia .
the woman questioned at last by him answered with her face smiling .
the days are going by happily since spring has come and it has become warm because I do n't need to feel cold while commuting early morning .
recent days , everybody including young children has smartphones which is a needy tool in our life .
in water , mercury intensely transforms into solvable methyl compounds that are absorbed by seaweed and plankton , which in their turn are eaten by small fishes that are eaten by large fishes that get to meals of man bringing him biologically concentrated mercury poison .
there is also possible to work with people overseas , it is fun to teach the meaning and usage of Japanease .
I wanted to keep the level that I have it now , but the level was downed .
whenever shibaten lose , it cried , " one more time ! " and tackled Shin-sensei .
several person might have seen them .
when I saw the park near the station some minutes ago , I was sad .
the day before yesterday my family gone drive .
as I also began to get hungry , I stood there voluntarily to probation the food , preventing any eventuality .
they will become leaf trees soon .
I am nowadays thinking about my future job I want to get .
the restaurant has been in buisiness for 67 years .
she said she had lived in Japan , so she speak japanese .
every suggestions would be welcome .
I really wantto talk someone speaking English .
in Japan from 19th to 23th on September long holidays is called " Silver week " .
I 'm korean and also live in Korea .
I 've already wayched " NIkita " , " homeland " , " burn notice " and " the closer " , etc .
before long , a loudspeakers was installed at the village square .
I had n't met them since they got married .
the manuscript says men think future when they buy somting and they prefer long-term goods .
in terms of some aspect , I like the place I live very much .
anyhow , I promised to myself to study English again .
I want to know what more natural English sentence .
so , I only write a my journal entry .
also , Akihabara is well-know for what we call maid cafe , where waitresses dressed up like anime characters entertain customers as their maids .
it would be recomendable that all students will know the objetive of improving the food court via social networking since more and more people visit often them .
I 'm working at Japan branch of american company as customer support staff of certain web service .
for China , we have different conception for hero , hero is a man who can sacrifice themselves in the danger and never give in to evil .
we loved him so much that the words we loved him are not enough !
I like watching a movie and littering to music and going shopping .
I will see it trough until -4kg .
there are a lot of ways to make a good impression at job interview .
I have written the my own blog .
l worked this morning however it rained this afternoon so my husband and l went hot spring resort to nearby town .
oh , I feel like frustrated .
I 've been trying to control weight by diet .
you have to run away from this building , but there are some subjects for an experiment cruise in each floors .
then , when we were to college we lived together in a flat .
all the doctors were terrified to the prospect of losing their wealthy position due to a lack of clients .
crowding intensity exposure , contributing more to the spread of infectious diseases .
thank you for coming my wedding~ , Long time no see , right~ ? ?
only the people from Kansai like Kansai dialect .
the second reason why leaning education at school is better than at home is that the teacher not only study academic subject but also learn social order .
I like it very much and go to a forest for viewing autumn foliage every year .
I can say that 'd be nice !
I met this friend last saturaday night at Hangang River .
so I believe that it will be still exist in coming years .
we can watch on original pictures , character references and fun goods .
he told that the beach was so beautiful and calm that he read two books for one week .
so I decided to use this every nights before I go to sleep .
recently I sometimes attend Yoga classes in the weekend .
this year , I went to U .
they have no choice but hung out .
first of all I want to squat
I confuse by this one .
I do n't know if she envied me about that , but she asked me to wash my car and after that to come to the hospital where she works to change our cars and to wash her car , too .
I 'm interested in learning English because English is very important when I get a job .
usually , japanese wake up at 6 to 7 am .
I first time saw my son 's talk show for kids of my family in Taiwan today .
this boiling time might cause a bit problem .
in Japan there are word " karoshi " means the death by overworking .
probably if I am a child , someone would do same thing .
I think that we should make efforts for young generation .
but when I have finished all , I did not get the result yet , and I was need to call again .
I will keep harmony with everyone and move forward with a strong will towards the our goal .
it reduce my stress .
the voice had come from fifth-story of a nearby stone pagoda ; it turned out that it was the Cooper who fallen from the heaven .
when I first started the life in the United States , even a small conversation , such as ordering in a restaruant , was stressful , because I was poor at English , especially , listening ability .
A good example is " Third time " in the rugby world , when finish the game , all players of both team go to a pub to drink and enjoy with a good chat .
moreover , they are not sold if they are smaller or lower sugar contents than their standers .
I was went back to my office room when i finished my lunch .
I hope her to become able to speak English after a few years .
I 'd like to play other musical instruments , like violin and cello , but nowadays I almost do n't have free time .
I felt frustration in NZ because the words that I want to say did n't understand for my host family .
my favourite food is chinese foods .
only this chore make me sick . .
what 's big bang all about ?
it is economical and environmentally .
I do n't still have a car so it was on foot .
Hemayat went searching his own department and I went for mine .
my younger daughter is the third grade of junior high school right now , and she has to decide the high school for coming April .
I have been Australia in 1 year and half
anyway , I had a lot of fun and I proud of our team and EC which is my school ! !
letter about an english course
you know , I have never been abroad so far .
Im looking for a place that its not necessary close to the university but not that complicated to get to one place to another .
that 's because my wife is an expecting mother and had better relax at home during the weekend .
so I may be catch a cold from yestarday .
moreover its patients have to stick their skin with needle for management of blood glucose level .
thank for your listening and welcome !
so , I always spoke to them japanese unless they spoke to me English .
it was conspicuous , because he was in bathrobe .
now , look at drawings at page 81 , and look for the features of most dominant influence in georgian architecture .
I 'm having busy .
I need to ship baggage to Japan because I bought many souvenirs .
I very like pets .
eventhough my job does not pay much now , but I don`t have to do overtime work .
I wish we could just freeze the moment .
tomorrow my examination result for the last semester will be announced .
what should I ?
sometimes , I feel that I am not writing well especially when asking form someithing or explaining .
you never know what you will hear , and what is the next song .
such custom of japanese people shows how we love and enjoy meal .
I think this is good change at viewpoint of my life .
I feel surely that kanji is complex even now , and I do n't know too difficult words .
actually , he did n't have many thing he would like to talk to me and he treated me some sushi and delicious sake .
cool , now i am here ! ! ! !
we played against eache other .
it has been couples of weeks since I finished the English course .
I was surprised that listening test was conducted not by recordings .
I want to ride it shortly .
what made me surpurised most was a countainer I had put in the sink just under the faucet was filled with water and it was almost flooding out !
so I ask all friends teaching me about english .
the food here is too hot spicy for me , but anyway it 's delicious
this time I chose a dentist that uses ultrasonic wave to remove the scale , it is said less painful than traditional way .
when problem happen , we should solve it .
anyway I was n't serious at that moment .
I have been in the UK about for 3 weeks .
I need to traslate 2 sentences .
this is a reason that I applied for west program .
someone pretends to be a native English speaker and talks to japanese girl because almost all of japanese people is English learner .
I never thought that I ever could like judo , for be a falls fight which I 'm not too good .
after this speech you will be able to know what music to listen when you are tired .
most of my colleagues have weak English communication skill .
tomorrow I will start my first summer intern in Detroit .
today I returned the clothes bought online two weeks ago .
I was checking the my iPhone and opened browser .
the other days , I went to watch the basketball game that my teemmates played .
however , maybe is there another way to do that ?
the second , especially when you are travelling to other countries . you could n't travel whole that country .
Under her reign , she value people in their strong point , whatever they are men or women , strong or weak , she made sure that everyone was in their most suitable location , and everyone was happy , the kingdom became more and more thriving .
those made me refresh , so I want to try new things .
however , he was arrested then because the host accused him of cheating in the game .
when I prepared to some test , I tended to be more thoughtful .
for femele graduates , it was even harder in japanese companies .
if you accused people 's mistakes , you might discourage them and make these people angry , so they might not want to listen to you .
I want to be lazy like them , too .
unless you have a portable keyboard , you may feel bad when all members of your band walk , jump , move and look sexy when they do that , and you must keep sit , trying to feel the music in a different way .
that is why television advertising helps decide parents what to give their children .
what 's the differnece between these two sentences ?
Beacouse I am backer of total control .
A few hours later I have to go our for work .
i often watch american dramas .
these three days Paris had fun .
their height and width seemed to become double size .
now i am a senior student at tianjin , my major in software engineering , during my leisure time , i really want to improve and practice my oral english , so everyday i will go to a english corner , i really hope one day i can speak fluent English .
now the time is 2:26 a.m.
wondering why I did not learn properly from grand mum , why I did not take much notice when she do cooking , may be it seemed very easy for her , she can use any thing from the fridge and create something , it gave me a wrong impression that cooking is just like a piece of cake , anyone can do it without much effort .
I went to shopping centre .
so , in the late afternoon that day , I told Sharon all of my annoyance with tears .
there are black and brown bears , but in Kyushu island , those bears are already extincted .
I did n't get hurts at all though .
according to a school-year-old cousin of mine , Pokemon has already been displaced by Yokai watch and in order to get along with his friends , he has to know about it really well .
I never had thought how was history of thanksgiving until today .
so , I think one solution of it .
but now seems like sun is coming out .
after that I returned my house and fixed them .
I went to go to see cherry brossoms in a big park yesterday .
actually we did n't drink so-ju .
I think the only thing matters is I know after going through these hardships , I 'll become stronger , wiser , undefeated .
fortunately , my mother-in-law live nearby .
so I went to the classroom to prepare my upcoming exam .
now whenever I like someone , I want to be like them .
there 's one thing I think myself did very well in 2015 is discover and travel around the world more !
it is important to show it on tv to everyone can see .
because of I had two injections of anaesthetic before the surgeon .
I 'll tell you , I 've made a pledge of a therapist to love all human beings no matter what they 've done , because deep down inside I 've found that every human being just want to be loved .
the warm water is needed for not only the forming of the typhoon but also growth of that .
the main character is a teacher who goes in Siam in order to teach children of King .
however , using them is so bad for the environment , because they are made from oil : if you keep using them , indirectly it will mean that you do serious damage to the atmosphere , which is precious to our living .
how do you care your throat when you catch cold in your country ?
my hobby is running ! .
I was tired , but very fun .
with the development of technology , ways of socializing have become more and more various .
I even took a pictures and video of them .
I love language exchange social ! ! !
I do n't watch animes .
more remarkable point is the relatively high profit margin .
I have worked in Adidas treatment company for almost 1 year .
my name is Mori June .
it 's different from ours in a only few parameters .
so I decided to try to review myself again .
in other words , to be succeed and survive in Chile people need to earn money and therefore , get a job .
his father gave him some good advice , he said , " just do your best " .
for example , listening a concert is like " duck listen the thunder . " to me .
as a result , they define the contemporary state by listing what it is , its actions , functions and its powers .
on the other hand he has n't have any memories with me during two years .
I think to study English with him .
i hope to help you in chinese and meanwhile get help from you !
I am a student of geology engineering , so that is the study for general behaivor of the earth .
it is saying that you are right .
at the most helpless age , but I have met the one want to protect for all my live .
once I heard " be the change you want to see in the world " honestly I 'd tried to be a better person but it 's not so easy , it 's really hard to try to change something that has been wrong for so long .
therefore , I could n't answer last five questions .
probably our border lines are differents .
I ca n't be a regular employee , if I could ' t pass the test .
at first , I thought they practised seriously .
I intend to practice English everyday .
he decided to help survivors and he had been picking up debris because the buildings felt down , however many people decided to help create groups of searching , many people died that day , everyone panicked because there were aftershocks overnight .
the american husband did everytheng .
I love France and Italy and hope that one day I will have chances to visit the two countries above .
an international survey shows that 60% women think men would be most sexy when they are climbing mountains , followed by doing maximal exercise , playing soccer , doing outdoor exercise , playing golf and doing aerobic exercise .
have you guys ever felt frustration about learn a new language ?
Fujiko F Fujio is one of the most famous japanese cartoonist and he left behind a lot of masterpieces such as " Doraemon " , which is story about a robotic cat Doraemon and boy .
I live in Thailand , my frovritc food is sea food , my hobbies is shopping and travel .
I have been working for a company that provides educational trainings for private companies or public sectors .
today in my englis class
so , we spend there about two hours .
you watched it ?
I need you support for improving my writing skills in german .
my wife and I do n't want him to be absorbed much with it .
they need to find the images and making presentation for students .
moreover , I can attach skateboard to it !
after that , we went to shopping mall and my boyfriend bought two shorts for summer .
it depends on my moon or situatioin .
recently some scholars researchs prove that as we get 2050 year chinese society will have the aged people as one third of total population .
if he kind with you .
working at home using computer or telephone is better than working in office .
so we uesed to guess it 's a very natural thing and no wonder at all .
some blogs in the web said there are many cats in Enoshima ! !
I 'm exciting because I will go to philiphine to study English and sightseeing tomorrow , but I have no idea what I should take .
so , I am really disappointed about it .
there will be an academic reprot this afternoon .
I flowing water because I have to clean electric water heater and the instruction says to do so .
the baby panda in animation was so qute ! !
after this , I heard from a vietnamese that the people stay in the hotel were mostly australian , so I guess that they were also australian , and it was a little bit funny experience .
my favourite musicians are Metallica , Slayer , Victor wooten , Norah Jones and Bill Evans .
my room is clean and tiny .
this month , I aim to write an entry or more par day .
if i were you i will travel to Hungary and teach English .
from now I continue to inform you how I 'm changing in my dailylife .
right now , I would like to wonder whether I should resign the job or not .
recently , I listen foreign musics .
we bought lamp meat , chicken , sausage , potato , and beer .
it will be Winter soon .
in my past study , I got a lot of training in mathematics , thus the mathematics in GRE turn to be easier for me .
live , love , smile , help yourselp .
to conclude what has debated in the contents talked above , that we accept some extent to the use of nuclear power for more some decades till we find an alternative method to provide electricity with the world .
I think cook curry one more time .
I heard that a member of the Tokyo metropolitan assembly of Japan heckled a female member while she was making a presentation about decreasing in the number of children .
father 's father is called grandfather , and my father 's mother is called Grandma .
I try hard to speaking English .
as regards myself , I do n't think so .
when I watched this , I have laughed unintentionally .
it is important that you use audio books adequate to your level
and they have aclose relations with japanese life .
I decided to write my diary in English from today .
because here is very far from mt .
not only was it much better to see it live in person than on tv , but it actually was great fun .
A lot of restaurant have delicius food in the evening in ha know .
this is beyond doubt because there are many drawings of Edo period that show people walking in this style .
I suppose that most people know about the cherry blossoms in Osaka mint bureau .
after I got home , I watched it and found it was not so clear , but it still can recall some feeling at that time .
I never saw this before in China , even the poorest city in China I think the bus has a window .
I could lie but why should I .
actually , exclusive sushi bars in Japan usually do n't have their menu , so you need to take enough money with you when you go to a fancy sushi bar .
I can keep the hot water in a bath tab in the US , but the bath tab is shallow .
I putted them in rice porridge .
finally , I bake them and put into a little water .
we explained them we were travelling in that way for fun , but they did n't accept a ' no ' as a answer .
I will glad to communicate with you .
I studied about hundreds of words and some basic grammers today .
today i want to introduce a special food from China .
if I just guess its meaning literally , I thought it refer to eating and never know it means busy .
it will allow the euthanasia for children .
I have many works and must attend many meetings .
all we can do is how control our stress life more easily .
I 'm going to move to a new apartment in Aug .
use specific reasons and esamples to support your answer .
certainly , if you have any problem of your chinese study , you can also call me , haha , wishing we all have a fantastic future !
my home town is Hubei province , located in the central part of China .
can you have a concern like mine ?
where are Lisa and John ? they are at college .
pretty amazing too , right ?
but I was a lazy woman so I got tired of going there when I fished about . .
meanwhile , Shintaro Imaizumi , is often made fool of his boss , Furuhata .
thanks to all correction made for us and we hope get help in the coming years .
the tradition of this holiday is based on the miracle occurred a long time ago .
the siencists proved that music is n't only a combination of sounds , it is also a reflex , which can influence at us .
I have one young brother .
I have a nice friend .
if the comics is over , I tend to find a new one to watch .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
when you enjoy them , you need to follow some etiquettes .
I hope I can control my tool .
latin America and Spain have a lot that offer .
I was studied ' ability English morning class ' for 5weeks .
it was about a rock-climber who one day decides to go out for a tour in the canyons .
if I can , I 'll go to soon ! . . . .
and came home I was relaxing , listening songs , use laptop , and play piano .
of course we become friend I will care about you and would rather to share with you my things .
the title of book is about sense and sensibility .
these days I have n't use my body so I decide to go to swimming today .
now I can write simple stuffs in English and I can read a few lines , too .
it could happen confusion if free trade were forced over the world .
I 'm working at the hospital as nurse .
at the beginning of this year I heard a book named " defence of Socrates " .
I got an australian friend , and I told him Lang-8.
then , i tried to make second phone call to ask location of the company .
there are mainly 2types of deck of Taro-cards , one is English , the other is French .
I think there are many people who talk to japanese in japanese .
one of them says to her : " you can change your mind over and over .
moreover I have a strong desire to learn about polish culture and visit all of you country .
and I do n't have any spacialty such as nurse , accoutant , teacher , something like that .
I know I need to give my children blessing not worry .
-Sometimes , those photographs consist of images of people 's faces and car plates that might cause privacy problem .
actually , I felt relieved that snow has no arrived yet .
this legendary army was disbanded in 1826 by sultan Mahmud ii .
I think these activities had affected my personality in a positive way .
do you know hey fever ?
one of my younger friends wants to be an animation voice actor .
we came back home drinking caramel Macchiato of Starbucks coffee in my car .
however , according to the weather forecast , it will be heavy rain on this weekend .
I have also a small dog .
I took the TOEIC today , which is English test .
I think today was wonderful day that I can do some thing I want to .
my task is to run 2 kirometers per a day .
I went to electrical store at the next station and got it .
anyway I have to do my best for him .
what he did is not good way .
the capital in Papua New Guinea .
my aim is to go a trip around the world .
I saw it in the animal documentary when I was a child .
I 'm university student and I 'm 20 years old .
Deers ate away almost all the buds .
there is staff , they are may cute , lovely .
but you also will making presentations and seminars about our products , as well as participate in any trade fairs .
I want to go to NY and watch baseball game in yankee stadium .
I started to learn chinese about 3 years ago , I can just talk little bit with chinese people .
I have to study for getting qualification .
probably I told her a useful piece of information few days ago .
so despite sounding like something exotic form of matter , antibubbles are actually just as common as regular bubbles .
I 'm seriously fat and need to be thin . . . .
in such view , " Momokuro " are very good performer .
she called us and and asked when we will free .
so sometime I am angry .
correcting slides of a graduate student
what calls for special attention is that reading which can takes you out of low spirit will get you anywhere .
I 'm writing about japanese cultures .
" why i ca n't say no " .
it can to explain the physical appearance of some of the villages in Spain .
for some reason , she left behind and had to live there alone .
I knew you might in danger and I still wondering whether I could see you with a smile .
apart from that I 've went out to go trekking with friends .
I say it is okay .
in world of internet , you can do business with people from all over the world .
however , people who speak English as a mother tangue are less than who speak other languages .
hi friends ,
I going to bed , I feel sleepy now
that day I did n't go observatory ,
it is because my american friend told me " you should ignore black guys who talks to you .
and now , black metal music is my new fascination , and as I like challenge of trying different things and practise random skills , I have a lot of them .
sometimes salesclerks asked me " please buy a soda for me ! " ' , and I 've said " buy it yourself , because you work . "
Petersburg the northern Venice , but Venice - southern St .
I told her if I ca n't do it .
I hope someone will teach me English , and I will you teach you spanish .
do n't push away people who care about you , because one they will not come back .
more in detail , as I mentioned in first paragraph , some of the contents are not real , so people have the possibility to confuse this world with fictional world .
we are really into do gymnastics ardently .
so I can eat whatever i want and get in shape ?
I think , other people would say that he is a terrible , mean and narcisstic guy with no interest in other persons ' feelings .
do we have other choice ?
in addition , these experts emphasize that Pisa is an organ of the OECD and this is an organization that , by its nature and objectives , will always hypertrophy the role of economics in education .
I was on mountain by bike and I could see a beautiful landscape .
next post , I 'll try to translate my resume .
thank u for that ! !
I 've been learning english for 3 years and german for 12.
when I have it , I can relax and get my tired off .
so that i am planning to my trip maybe i will go to France , Croatia , republic of czech , SWITZELAND , Belgium , etc .
they are so opposite but they like each other .
after she told me those words I recovered my excitement .
I 'm feeling love my city and my life .
yesterday , I saw on the internet american photographer 's pictures which were made to promote adoption black cats .
when we see their extended family members less , people feel difficult to maintain a close relationship , and tend to consider them less important than the direct family--parents , brothers , sisters and children .
do you know this another line ?
and if I do n't play with him , sometimes he cry .
money likes comfortable bed , which means your wallet should be new and clean .
Drams like 24 or something are too difficult for me .
I often think about philosophy question , and I faith buddhism , so the world view is pretty different between me and other skeptic by my side .
we looked the big round yellow moon .
my hobby is reading books and listening to music . especially , I like rock music .
I will try to write a new entry in someday recently .
Guys I want to know how to learn spoken English easily .
so , what I need right now is restoring confidence in my word in English .
what do you think about the Callan method for learnig english ?
i brushed my teeth then made the instant noodles for my breakfast .
I think we would rather give half of money in the first place .
I 'd be very happy if you correct awkward sentences .
recently , my work was hard and I ca n't go there .
in Japan , the Typhoon flooded the river .
when I have some free time I like to chat in internet with my friends .
after heard what I had to say , the person I was talking to told me that he has no interest in science .
i want become a good english speaker . . .
I like , though , the japanese stand-in voice as Darrin .
sleeping is an wonderful thing for many people but not for rhinitis sufferer .
you may be guessing if it had or not an operational system like windows or mac OSX .
happy birthday mom ! !
internet is an actual component of a full human live .
so I hope today will be better day and my mood will be more positive .
hi dear friend ,
for another , the system ignores the fact that not all the researchers have the ability to have many publications , which may resulted to serious plagiarism .
I looking for somebody who could help me improve my listening and speaking skills .
I speak chinese a little , but do n't speak english . . .
now think about it .
this undesirable idea may stem from japanese ceaseless economic recession .
sparkling , flaring up and shaking to the mensural pulse of its arteries .
but on the contrary his private life was full of scandals .
it has been raining fore these days .
he maybe pretend he was travelling in snow mountains or in Alaska .
I want to spend good time with them last 3 weeks !
meanwhile , many articles about homosexual research started to appear , such as in Hong gong and Taiwan .
i am a boy .
I 'm Korea girl and this year , I 'm a university student .
if it happens upon old people , they will fail to help themselves .
I feel so lonely , need someone to hold me , but it seems like he does n't miss me as i do .
but this time , Daisuke Takahashi was invited to perform for it , though his rank is 6th .
the weather is very nice today because I will try to wash .
today 's my husband came back from business trip .
hi , I 'm Lilia , this 's my nickname .
it 's not necessarily to pretend to act someone else .
in fact , my dream is go study abroad in the US .
but there were no more tickets already .
Util how long do we need to go ?
it 's a moment of sharing and joy that last about tree or four weeks .
actually this is a kind of famous psychological experiments .
I think " in front of the audience " is better and natural . . .
he should have been more carefully .
we sleep like slept before a birth
I ate a noodle with my friends , Tomoe and Yuki .
though I answer these questions , my legs trembles every time .
I have to go to sleep asap .
I think it will make my English writing skill better .
so , I enjoyed trip with minimum speaking English .
I spent all of time in my bed until work time .
the text is criticizing Japans adjustment to Western countries and the adaptation of materialism , which makes it inferior to the West .
for example , the industrial revolution improve the London 's economy , but cause the air pollution .
I started " Lang-8 " yesterday . because l want to speak English well ! !
I 'm korean , live Seoul and I 'm Hong dae university student .
however , looking at a single fiscal year 2009 , such as by in conjunction with the production of the manufacturing and mining is reduced by the economic downturn , industrial sector energy consumption is significantly reduced , final energy consumption year-on-year 2.2 % I declined .
for example , could I have a latte , please ?
weaving through from the opposite team with light footwork and scoring goal is also awesome .
every week I 'm looking forward your reply , but recently I do n't have it .
my habit is stay up late at night .
my best friend Hyebin comes to Busan for meet me .
he told me he had new proyects underway and we agreed to work together in the construction of a new sound stuidio .
I usually work very fast from imagination so my studio is always full .
I cannot see him again without my make-up . , " I said to myself .
when he heard about that from his son at his bed , he was choked with tears .
I moved when I was a elementary school student , junior high school student , high school student , and university student .
Singer songwriter Bobu dyuran acquired novel literature reward after one night .
today is my first day using Lang-8
recently it 's also famous for the long bridge over to the Awajishima Island .
it is very essential to making different types of dishes such as , fried-food , marinated food and stewed meat .
I dodged go to sea in Japan .
so , it is widely known that Ukraine was annexed by russian imperia since eighteen century .
this idea was raised by NASA , launched a call astronaut amateur , ,they were surprised to see that many had registered for a one way ticket .
I continued cough hard .
I am not pudding person but I enjoyed it a lot !
the teacher in my high school took place like a tea party talking with her american friends and us , I joined it .
today , I went to my mother parent house with my family .
I drinking Oronamin C now .
is there are any diffenrence relatigng to payment between japanese and foreign people ?
for us it 's important that it is cleanly because we transport medical devices for which must be very cleanly !
I always said to everyone i met that " there are 2 things about weather in Thailand , first is hot and second is very very hot "
Unfortunatelly , the methods did n't help me .
I wonder what day today !
but deliberately state protect only public office and penalizes meritocracy and the investments in innovation .
by now , I have been the main force of engineering department .
I hope perform at a club .
succeed to have a girlfriend in using my invention of watching movie .
there obviously are some stuff that I would definitely have if I get a chance to visit Korea .
when I was a kid , I very like to watch horror movies and hear some ghost stories .
if we both can remember all the words , we can kiss each others .
she was so smart and beautiful Lady .
even I can find them , it 's more expensive than few years ago .
thank you for your corrects ! ! !
it found that eating just three ounces of meat a day . we will increase risk of dying by 13% .
some relatives were surprised that my daughter is taller than I and that she wore junior high school 's uniform .
I went to the Yankees stadium and watched the Yankees vs Texas game .
I have no idea that how do native speakers feel .
second , getting job is quite difficult in Japan .
I 'll post texts related at my work , drawing , design , history of arts .
that governmental intervention is ineffective at reducing consequences of the inflation in that country .
I am not going to tell you how good it is , because obviously , the " windows phone " is way weaker than either " android " nor " iOS " , what I mean is :
it is exceedingly distant from earth , approximately 2.5 million light-years , but we can observe with the naked eye due to its hugeness .
I played tennis in morning at Ftennis .
we often go climbing mt Rokko .
B : what kind of role did she play in pitch perfect ?
Osaka has been a good day as sunny .
our future would be difference but now we have same purpose .
I 've to say last night I stay up late to prepare my statistic final exam , and felt a headache when I get up . . .
I 'd rather take only the best from liife !
sometimes I prefer taking photos of our russian nature .
meet the reindeers in Pheonix Park in Ireland .
even though I know I can go on and talk about the idea if identity in all the readings , I 'm just pretty lazy to sit down and write the whole thing down .
and Didin`t work anymore .
one day I 'll go to island !
our ancestors did n't have letters , so they use chinese letter instead .
I 'm italian and live in Rome .
I 'm studying english on my own .
they adapted them separately without be told the truth which the girl were twins sisters .
so I ca n't understand why she got job , but I could n't .
and the most importantly , we had something in common .
we have 12 students now in my class . "
it was nice breeze .
I tried to use time usefully .
looking forward to seeing you already .
Appareance often at work is more important than others factors because it 's the first thing you can see in a person , and you can base your considerations only on it .
there is drama , but i 'm not gonna talk about it because drama is human and on every website and i do n't care about it and unfollow people involved in public drama .
RSCC 's ceo said that they have many animals , especially the reptiles , which never perform .
my favourite game BGM .
once the head teacher of the school asked to analyze the characteristics of all the students from the beginning of their learning in school .
I 'll help you as possible if you want to study japanese .
it is humorous and heartwarming story about a mentally challenged father and his daughter .
if I pass the exam I will be able to start teaching English to children hear in Colombia , I 'm very happy for this .
however I want to communicate various countries ' businessmen .
finally the train reached the station where I get off , we exchanged our email addresses .
I noticed the fact that there were few garbage on the street .
my hobbies and interests : piano , healthy cooking , gardening , international literature and travelling .
plus , the situation is getting worst due to the lack of humanitarian aids which has been reduced since the last years , in part as a consequence of sanctions imposed on Korea , in retaliation of its nuclear program which also increased the isolation of what is considered the most isolated country in the world .
I cannot help wait it .
but i accept this challenge to achieve this goal .
I 'm in mountains " Tatry " in Poland .
the rain was very intensive .
and he 's always sure to put his cello on next his seat when he use taxi .
I do n't know that how to brush up my reading .
I do n't think this medicine will work but I hope it will , otherwise I have to got stuck a scope into my nose .
it takes time , but I still want to become a so-called trilingual in the left 1 year .
there is a question puzzled me for a long time is that how to writing in a natural way .
I new to Lang-8.
I have read books what give some suggestions about it at the bookstore .
we were forced to perform immediate landing and flights were stopped for all that day .
on the back yard there were wells which are several horor 's stories .
now , I have a opinion about reading books in another language .
I believe the day will come any soon .
I will stay B&B , and I want to feel local lifestyle .
of course I wrote a wish and hung it a bamboo .
on second thoughts , the best way to find a good flatmate it shares the flat with friends .
I received a New year card from my friend family who travelled abroad with in 2000.
however train 's door was already closed .
after that , we 'd gone to a local beer house , and had walked around the town , then finally we got to the restaurant which is our main purpose .
right in the moment when you are about to give up on everyone they come and steal your heart and show you love still exists .
I will surely do this again .
you might know , I started Facebook from this year .
I am sorry suddenly .
but my heart talk to me said , you are right , you already ca n't not agree this company rule and system , already not feel very happy , just for the high saraly . . .
I hope you to find it .
the another day , my son got a fever .
but , I have been felt importance of studying and speaking English since I had entered the college three years ago .
it considers as a group of people , if they are caring about each other ; they are looking after you , staying besides , containing you as a parents .
I thought these paintings were colorful and sophisticated , and they are remarkable at painting beautiful women .
it does n't just appears it is result of long friendship and the feel is very valuables .
but my English not good .
during examination we had to accomplish six class in five days .
finally they found their favourite once , so I ordered them just now .
however , now I can feel really good when I do the exercise .
I was throwing tea parties with my dolls , imagined myself as the chief and many others .
it 's going to be the great opportunity to see my skill of spanish .
maybe HTC butterfly 2 is better choice for me .
he keeps them even when sleeping .
I believe even a great writer can not image a story totally isolate for the reality world .
the chinese government also said to him that he has not qualification for representative .
I want to became a real artist .
working time recorded on the system is checked against the time record in card reader .
it 's a sort of omelet with meat and some vegetables .
after to think a lot , I decided to do something about this . . .
I am a japanese and studying English .
I 'm sorry for a too short journal , but I just wanted to post a first diary .
I reckon she just want me to listen .
I always check and try new recipe , which makes me very happy .
from my part , I do hold that highly accomplished people achieve more than others because they expect more of themselves .
there are firs , beeches , birches .
after this part there are a lot of pages about Arwa searching for the reason of why she is seeing herself as a 35 year woman instead of a 24 year girl she feels inside and why everything around her feels the same except her .
in this my image , some shops may be filled with people .
sometimes , I 'm thinking of if I could sleep for about 50 years it would be fantastic because my bed is too comfortable to do some assignments or go to part time job .
in the Short program of figure skating in the Winter olympics , Mao Asada , a japanese figure skater , was in 16th place .
those were the good old memory : D
I 'm at DOCOMO shop to change my phone 's setting . and i 'm waiting for my sister .
I 'm now on the train . . .
I struggled again the bulb and felt pain with my both ar Ms. . .
I finished 1 book called " English grammar in use " today .
they were making an Okonomiyaki noisily .
however , my main home is Japan and of course learning the japanese language .
do you remember how we eat flowers of lilac with five petals ?
they say that the more a thunder strikes on a rice field , the better it would taste .
however , I want to leave good environment for my children .
it is necessary for us to understand others well and enough language skill to talk with foreigners such as English .
today , I had a English exam named CET6 , I felt sad , because I have done it at twice , but I still cant pass it .
firstly , we have more things which require money much more than space , like medicine , education , e .
if you want to make your own ice cream , please have a look of this recipe .
challenging right ?
but I like try everything interesting .
I want to cry because my salary is so small recently . . .
it costs 3,500 yen , but my company assists the part of the fee .
the wall scrolls , however , are different from them in the point that we roll them up and can clear up small .
the american friend said that you like your employee and you get jealous .
first , the government ought to prolong the lasting time of education and work .
he fought with his friends at the Karete lesson .
with passion , it takes longer time but we can harvest 3 times during its life cycle .
Nice to get acquainted with people .
also , if we use it we have to pay extra fee for that .
Fraunhofer continued the experiment with other stars observing that the colors set changed , sometimes the rainbow was blue and purple , other times it was red and yellow .
but I am still a bignner .
I think you get to used it no matter how they designed , though .
it 's somehow an " okay " loneliness , which I do n't feel like I 'm attached to being always the giver , I 'm really fine by living on my own , taking my time also to care about myself .
my English is slightly , itty-bitty accented which is not really a dig deal , of course , given that the majority of English second-language speakers usually speak with an accent .
we think , that american people very love America and very proud of their homeland .
in conclusion , gaining money is not the only way a person to be nominated as a successful individual .
so I enjoyed .
I hated them so much as everyone was a new comer once and I can feel the unwelcome atmosphere , it really made people feel awkward and uncomfortable , I did promised myself that I would never done this to anyone .
we stay at home and I am reading a novel .
could you give me some advise ?
I leave my flat at 5.10 and go to my work by car .
I also like my phone because it can containings various applications .
larger cities contain not only a larger number but also wider varieties of people .
it 's sunny today so I really hot .
now , it is two whole weeks that I am a sophomore . is very different than my freshman life .
in both cases , the presidential campaing were began many years before the D-Day .
I am especially interested in Mount Jiri , the big mountain representing that community , and the studies and literature of intellectuals who lived near there in Joseon Dinasty .
it provokes many muscles to tighten and loosen , with the consequent benefits for your body and your health .
I have a cat and dog and I really enjoy with them .
my name is Aya . I 've studied English for 4 years .
Lang-8er taugth the song to me about one year ago .
and if you has listened some their records , you have realized that the drum is essential in their music .
my favourite cities : Paris , Nice and Vienna .
people need to realize what going on , governments need to unifiy and work togheter , the world is becoming more dangerous every time .
however , this rain and wind may make them fall unfortunately .
it seems interesting but I feel a little tired .
my boss always ask me " how to make money from such a game . "
so I will write diaries that I was not able to write for some time .
I wii check the " cook pad " .
I 've not been to posting on Lang-8 for about three weeks but I 'll restart to write my journal as my English training .
well , I 'm not doing New year 's resolution this year , but I 'd like to bring myself up day by day .
this the end of school year not for me , just for my children .
in addition , as economy of America declines , many labs there are short of funding , so it is more and more difficult for chinese students to find american labs that have enough funding to support foreign students .
it is so difficult for me to forcus on the class .
but , ,I really want to speak Eniglish fluently .
when korean pop culture rockets to popularity in Asia , more and more taiwanese girls jump on the bandwagon .
I 'm not sure how I ended up buying that shirt if I did n't even like it .
during those period I did n't speak and listen to german at all but English , japanese and norwegian , so my head was like paralyzed .
speaking of this , we need talk about " feudal superstition " .
actually , we are in virtual world in a sense .
this is a first post .
I like e-mail to some extend ; however , these days people in the same office sometime to communicate with email .
according to him , I had better go abroad a lot during university student because some student have a lot of free time .
he can play guitar as he sing .
this album is much more melodic than the other once , with more piano and guitar solos , and , at the same time , that feeling of distress and melancholy that fits very well with the wintry landscape of destruction and bleakness that they try to recall is more intense here .
everytime I watch snow , I miss snowbording so much .
my friend Ik Chan said there was a call for me home delivery driver .
I spent weekend at relative 's house .
my knowledge of the English - rudimentary , about the same as in the german and Kazakh .
however , I was too busy to come here for a look .
but the fact may show me how much I lose again . . .
today I attended in English chat club held by college students .
I have used insecticide ; nevertheless why do they live yet ?
without this class I would not know Bio and resume though these are popular in the global job hunting market .
while a wealthy class sends their children to boarding schools in Europe and the United States , a decent class migrates to asian countries to get their children into international schools with their father remaining in Japan to work and remit money to their family --- this seems to be a preferred type of letting children study abroad .
in Nha Trang you can travel by car , train , or plance .
however , the regulations can help children to identify right and wrong thing and behave properly .
be happy to be corrected .
hello , I 'm Youssef El Bakhtaoui , I 'm moroccan from Marrakech city and i 'm so happy to join you in this website which some friends recommended me to use .
May is the new green tea 's season
Under the circumstance , the right choice is to push forward the win- win solution and our common goal is to achieve sustainable development .
I have had some argument with one student a week ago which is bothering me till now .
I will have a business trip to north America in August .
there was a mass murder in the Kanto region , which including Tokyo .
what about you , in your country , is that very necessary to go to college ? and , what about the way to college , easy or difficult ?
today , I visited an office that my co-worker worked in the Meguro .
I watched tv for a wihle drinking a cup of tea .
they do not like a conceptual art what needs culture and knowledge .
I 'm a native spanish speaker , I will more that happy to help you if you are interested to .
I remained embittered , and sometimes the sad face of that girl I am reminded .
besides , I could n't get a rest even though I was tired because I could n't sleep it well for checked the students when I went to the outdoor activities last year .
so I choose here to improve my writing skills as well as help others to improve their writing skills in chinese .
I remember about her that she like a coffee so we took a cup of coffee after my class finished .
in my opinion the best place to celebrate a reception of a weeding is a wedding hall .
I 've never play any network mobile game before .
one of the best seasons in Japan .
it 's a bit strange phrase , I think .
to support this , he cites the statistics regarding people who was injured in accidents .
as we all know , we just spent the natinal day holiday .
I saw many beautiful place and ate a lots of delicious food .
when she is watching drama or romantic movies she always break down in tears .
it 's time to study for test !
it 's so terrible .
I do n't think that I will have a chance to use English , but since the job description says that there is almost no overtime , it 's good for me to spend my private time study for my graduate school and play the fiddle .
when I took the train , two girls around 8 came to sell plastic bottles with mineral water .
this is the reason why many travelers want to visit museums during their travelling .
I could ' t sleep well because my body itch . . . .
I thought that it might be so hard condition to go to the Africa safari tour .
my hobbies are watching tv playing vollyball .
we resemble each other quite much .
the number of the cars used for more than 12 years , especially , has skyrocketed .
I have had opportunity to speak English a lot , but I do n't have confident about writing .
these days , I experience a slump .
since I 've not been writing or listening any English lately , I feel like I 'm forgetting English !
thanks to her accompany , I had the courage to go to toilets .
in Japan , it hot in summer and cold the wind is so strong in winter , it is not climate suited to eat on the Terrace .
apart from that , the abuse of phones cause physiological influence on human ; s body .
that is being accustomed to using english in daily life .
I have many interest in English , and i want to learn it well , i hope that we can help each other ,
when korean who have typical characters of ' hurry , hurry ' meet with the cultures of India , it might affect negatively to the projects due to less logical by koreans , time consumption for decision-making by indians and request of very strict principles of work .
I like the season .
I quit work last year and made company .
everyone is familiar with this picture representing the evolution of humanity by showing something looking like a chimpanzee slowly changing into a modern male human being .
I and my friend will go to venetia in Italy .
in Sunday I cooked Sukiyaki .
more than a week ago , I have sing up an account in Lang-8 and I hope all members in this media would help me to improve my writing and English .
but I understand little what she says , meanwhile she almost perfectly understand what I say .
if you are interested speak with , please add me as your friend in skype .
I hope that I will be able to post an entry once every while .
it 's all words from bottom of my heart .
the government have much problem about not only the unemployed people but also irregular workers as well .
the " ki " means something strange and " rei " means beautiful .
the brothers decided to demonstrate rising in air .
I am chinese girl . . .
he dedicated his limited life into the limitless job of establishing a peaceful world free from conflict and violence through moderate and gradual ways .
I do n't have enough time to go shopping , read novels , go good restaurants and so on .
New books have many new idea and imagine .
at that time I was studying 7 class while my sister was studying fresh year in Vinh university .
since I was busy at the hospital , I was not able to write anything on Lang 8.
I ca n't believe it will be finish .
about three months ago , i travelled to South-America . and i met there a japanese .
I went a stake house which I 'd been wanting to go .
they used a lot of phrasal verbs like " trhow down " , " lay down " , " shoot out " , " throw away " .
in order to become happy family , I would like to live by myself very consciously .
discussed the progress of our current project .
I do n't have some bread ?
Macropinna microstoma is deep sea fish .
then my mother , sisters and I went to visit my brother ' wife .
this link is working only on youtube android application
these three days I woke up early for my job .
why they did n't it ? ? they did n't express their emotion , the other side people never know their mind .
he goes on regular routines , such as scales his weight twice a day and prepares clothes for next day .
they my classmates laughed at the teacher himself by mimicing with malice .
unfortunately , sometimes febrile seizure happens to him though he is already 6.
I want to read them , but I have something to do more than that .
but in my personal opinion eating like italian people does n't mean cook italian dishes .
I played a game through the day after a long time .
i want to cry again and again .
internet is really useful to look up what we want to know ,
I 'd like to improve English skill !
I predict that the store will be congestion , because tomorrow is a holiday .
he is 7-year -old .
when you make the breakfast , you can watch news on the screen table .
I do n't think I show them about me . . . .
the first , Brooke , he died before seeing the war horror and it is the raison he had a fervent idealism .
I only know few word .
as I wrote about my daughter 's new semester on my previous post my daughters started their new grades in their elementary school .
we installed new program last Wednesday .
Will you have a time of facing at your body and mind in relaxing atmosphere ?
" when teachers asked me to write down my dream in my chilhood , I always write that I want to be a policewoman .
I hope he sleeps it off an forgives me in the end .
I am from France , but i living in Hong Kong .
so the main thing for me is to do it on regular basis .
another reason is that Russia is modern , free-market country with all form of massmedia such as internet and satellite television , and people like to try new products and different kinds of fast food .
I helped my wife 's writing a report last night .
I 'm glad if you correct my writing .
so I joyned this community .
I should have put on a raincoat I had one fortunately .
it 's so nice , but many immgrant workers have to leave their families to the coatal cities for higher pay .
I said he looked like her . she was happy to hear that .
that 's why people tend to connect tattoos and yakuza because that history has been giving japanese people an impression that those who have tattoos are not grown up in a good living environment ; therefore , they end up committing crimes .
I began to go to English writing lesson this month .
at those time , I can sometimes predict a next question which the partner will ask me , and prepare the answer for it .
I need to go on business trip to China unexpectedly .
in Krakow May in this year is exceptionally cold .
I was amazing !
for this question , I 'm try to learn new words everyday .
but as you build the vocabulary of the computer language , you vaguely start to grasp the rule of it , and the based on the understanding of the rule , you can explore further . . . .
what is the government doing to boost employment among youth ?
but , I want to choose a job because I 've been scrificing various things .
my dream is go to London and New York .
my favourite is sweets that eat alone at the midnight .
probably , I need to find some places where many English speakers stay in Japan .
I bought those in online shopping site , and they look almost the same as what they looked in the web page .
I just applied for just 4 companies , but most of newly-graduated students applied for more than 10 companies .
in the hospital , I could n't asleep well every night , but in my home , I could asleep very well .
so I went to bed room earlier than any other day .
when I woke up this morning I saw that all my city was covered with a huge snow layer .
no one lives alone , I need them , I nedd you .
as soon as he go out , his mother called him and told him that turned back his room immediately .
do you know japanese techno pop grooup " perfume " ?
I had encountered this creature when I went at school on the morning .
but there were many cold days in February this year , so it is forecasted that flowering of Sakura will be late five days or so in comparison with usual year .
however , I have no choice to do it .
live in ha know , Viet Nam .
it is good to decrease fix cost for financial prospect .
even though I can read or write , I think that listening is most difficult section .
I am sure that employees crave for recognition , for fullfilling themselves professionally .
my made is Sally and I 'm a student who really want to improve my English skill .
today only used in small towns .
most shop owners would gave them some money avoiding any trouble .
hi I 'm Juan Carlos , I 'm from Ecuador and I am here in this web site in order to improve my knowledge in english specially in writing .
I have going to school everyday .
however , I have n't made the plan much yet .
because my job need English .
Okey , I will see you .
because my company has a employee 's work day every first Saturday of month .
I basically like indoor culture , but I try outdoor culture recently .
I request you what ever mistakes you find my passage or what ever feed back you would like give are most welcome .
to-day's , I finish my semester .
let 's do together !
I do n't really know what to say about myself .
I live in Moscow , study anthropology and like sea .
more than a half items are already completed as was planned .
how to not impress the girls when you go abroad .
it 's the reason why difficult universities do n't allow to use .
her school has four tennis courts and her senior graders let her grade use a court .
unfortunately I do n't have a kite , so I could not to enter their group .
but I could learned about my job a lot .
according to ISTAT , the italian statistics office , in 2012 nearly half of the italian population said to be strongly interested in environmental issues and to be active in recycling , particularly in the northern regions and mainly in Trentino Alto Adige .
laptop computer and smartphone are very useful item for students .
come to Lang-8 , I really want to improve my English , especially writing skill , coz as you know , English is my non-native language , so I often have some difficulties when learning .
I liked Bruce Lee who was very famous actor , then I named myself Bruce Kim .
it was good for going the festival because I met some friends which seeing for the first time in a long time .
I`m Kate and i`m russian
this is my hiding place
some of them only speak English , so I have to speak English to take order , and we do n't have English menu , so I have to explain dishes if customers ask the dishes .
when my daughter ask my about pets , I said - no , no way .
I 'm a little fat , so I try to lose weight via playing basktball .
I remember that when he arrived Australia , he has no friend , but I would love to be his friend .
its target is to develop economy and the society in developing areas .
comedy or affectional film or others ? as for me , I really love the 3 idiots .
I 'm developing 3DCG software for professional artist , this function is for rotating 3D object by using a matrix or quaternion .
it 's very good movie for me to having fun studying of English .
there were too many obstacles cropping up during my practice for TEM4 speaking test .
I went to OKINAWA .
the reason is the USPS has the package if the package is in new York .
I thought I do the best about studying English .
my English teacher who is chinese used to work as an interpreter .
its main purpose is to view at cherry blosso Ms.
so it 's really fun and when I spend with them I 'm so happy !
I just finished to composed a couple of decks for the upcoming meeting with global team .
I saw many sellers selling many glass of chai on the tray in bus terminal and market place . .
now I 'm home , I 'll go rest a little , because in a few hours I 've got school and I have to wake up early to prepare my school stuff .
I would like to be able to understand English speech without interpreter as soon as possible .
May be next month I 'll move there .
I hope that this internship is good opportunity for you .
afterwards , we ate takoyaki , spitted cutlet and okonomiyaki and enjoyed Osaka .
but I 'm worried about some security .
many libraries today have invested heavily on some media device such as computer , and I believe that this change can be beneficial to many readers .
because I had a lot of work , I bought box lunch at the convenience store .
it is clear that ' baseball ' is the most popular culb activity for both men and women , 310 , followed by ' none ' and ' tennis ' totally , 240 and 210.
I 'm tired
I understand these are not good personalities , but I enjoy my shortcoming .
what amuse me more is that I have noticed that the book has a lot of mistakes and holes in the story .
my english writing exercis .
I feel so sad I did not really want to do this but I decided it because I wanted improve my grades and make homework , my career is hard and I do n't feel happy , I hate have to be here trying my best , I really miss them so much .
I 've played a lot of time video game even though there were things to do today .
I want to say only this .
I really wish I would not need to ransfer here .
A freely supported gyro is a spinning mass mounted on its supported and protecting case so that the case can be turned and translated in any direction without causing torques that disturb the angular orientation of the rotor axis relative to inertial space .
so I should care drinking some water sometimes .
but actually , I 'm afraid of water because I 'm bad at swimming .
" Choco crow " is chocolate in croissant .
he said : " hey , guys !
they continu to learn to read , write , and count .
it is difficult to decide a living place .
I was surfing the internet looking for some good web sites for hiragana beginners .
therefore , I should buy many milk on bargain day .
title is purple a princess and seven dwarfs .
unfortunately in my region spring is very short and summer come quickly !
10 years ago , this company challenged japanese market , but this challenge failed .
I would often like to have some moment only for me .
I am not a person to stay in home during the entire vacations doing nothing .
they are the part of our family .
anyway , there was one funny things what I noticed .
he is visiting to America first time .
at the same time , though , conversational level of English at the moment is average , simply due to fact that communication in that language is n't happening very often .
there were many tour programs which were led by tour guides in Hawaii , but every programs take us to many place , such as , royal hawaiian center .
which senctence is more natural ?
though they are unlike the the conventional communities , online communities are more active than traditional once and it is more convenient for young people to dedicate their energy and time to those communities .
today I want to tell you about what happened some days before .
you can definitely learn a bunch of words that may look ' aloof ' , but trust me , some of the words that you get from the dictionaries such as the Merriam-Webster and the Collins may never appear in the daily life of the american people .
oh , I could n't find out toilet seat cover yet .
my advice to you when you 're dealing with this personal do not earn animosities and instigate problems and put yourself in a spiral of conflict just because you feel that these personal uncomfortable or harassing presence
but time to count how many to-do I have .
well , I think for some people it must sound quite boring correcting manuscripts and texts for professional journals and such but I 've got to admit that it really is something I could imagine me doing in the future as a job .
something 's wrong and I know it , but I ca n't specify .
that was a clear day , so I could take many photo of airplanes .
so I do n't know what kind of thing I need write here but I 'm going try put some good for you can correct me .
japanese society loses many talents because of this habit .
all of them are office worker so we play it after work from 8 pm to 10 pm .
helping people always makes me happy so i love my job .
my third favourite things is eating snack I watch tv , movie , or manga .
I guess because korean people speak not good English .
I 'm Johnny , a 16 years boy from China .
you said that you were working out because of an event in two weeks , i know you will be in Indonesia for a concert at that time so are you maybe preparing for dancing or something like that ? or maybe am i wrong , i 'm very curious , could you tell me ?
the magazine article explained that voodoo is a magical beliefs and pratices used as form of religion in some parts of Africa , the West Indies , South America and particularly by the people of Haiti .
but after mathematics exam I was very tired therefore I could n't study well for electromagnetism 's physic .
I thought this is cheaper in the long run .
I have to go to Osaka with my father and sister but I do n't want to with some reasons .
if it does n't correct , please tell me correct answer .
however , there was a good washing mate , so I could do it relatively easily .
finally , I 've just finished a paper on my major . . .
my most favourite fruits is watermelon .
there 're some argentinian songs to have fun !
I hope to be a calm day tomorrow .
I am from Japan , but live in Germany for my masters degree .
it was begun interesting for me 6 months ago since I invested in my money first time .
theatre is a place where story comes alive .
my job make me exhausted .
like basketball , girls , languages .
I want to communicate with many people and make a good time through a conversation ! !
only nothingness could have existed at that time , with an abrupt appearance of universe that follows .
if I 'm gazing at them , I feel like seeing a face of Nero .
currently , I have learnt English in Oxford for 4 months .
I am a college student in china , I want to improve my English writing skills , so first I have choose some English books to read like Harry Potter or the lord of the rings , now I am working on the first book which name is Harry Potter and the sorcerer 's stone , I have already read half of the book , and this just take about ten days , I want to know that how much time will take a native English speaker to read this book .
15 years later , they rose slightly ti 19% and 16% respectively .
I began to do my chinese literature homework , Hope you have a nice weekend !
the first day was definitely one of the most tiring once , because most of our daytime was filled with mere bus travel through Italy , where we enjoyed in plentifulness of its fields and hills .
the place was a small town in Massachuetts , North America .
Kakuryu is obviously yokozuna , but he did n't enough practice . so he failed .
basically , 30% of total cost is paid by copayment and the rest is paid by the system which is finaced by contribution and public expenditure .
I know she becomes comfortable since she narrows eyes to a line , looks like smiling .
now they both are in a museum and marble is sad because people stand on him and at the same time statue is happy because he receives praises by the crowd .
but , unfortunately , he is just took a few days "
I t was from a japanese tv program .
I was aware of obvious fact that human flourishing is not a mechanical process , I was convinced on the idea there is a need for revolution in education .
so I went to a big town that near my house by bicycle .
then , I worked on making a document to compere the estimates that I 've got from some wastle dealers .
i am very happy to talk with new friend .
he answered that Santa Claus rode on reindeer .
I think the blossoms scattered by the wind are most beautiful .
normal circumstances they take three weeks to get you a license however if you have any complication in your application like health issue or other cases then it might take longer .
it 's very good for mothers with small babies because they are not required to work at night or weekend shifts , but with the new workers is in contrast that there is not enough shift rotation , and they have to work all the night or weekend shifts
tomorrow will be tough unless i hand my phone off .
however , after I run for nearly two month , I feel myself fall in love with it .
as you may already know , people in Kansai area speak japanese in a bit different way .
but to tell the truth , I want to see a film because I drunk last night and I still have some works to do .
this is something that I might have understood that the companion and all the relationship I have is worthy enough to get my attention and care .
" Komachi Street " have many souvenir shops and restaurants .
but Haneda airport has the most many flights in Japan , so you can hear these phreses so many times .
I 'm sure that her smile is amazingly beautiful even if after she retired her career as an actress , however old she was : it shows that a person who lives with having a purpose is attractive no matter her or his age .
in stead of the bus , we took the bus service indian guy managed .
sometimes I thought , that they are a bit lazy because I had to bock the flight and the house on my own for everyone .
I like football very much especially spanish league and UEFA champions league .
we will classmate for two years .
I already forgot all my chinese and English .
but nowadays they have a different role , they do n't rule by themshelves , they have the support of the population to make choices .
vodka is not only popular in Russia but also in the U .
it 's going to be broadcast with the video distribution website ; niconico-movies , youtube , Bandai-ch .
robots can help human finish many tasks in dangerous area .
through their body language the artist tells us that the people are very interested and los in thought .
he had cancer but married a pretty women who was 31 years younger than him .
I have n't check my email since last Thursday due to an exhibition .
so many store is in there , and there is best place for people who like japanese sweets such as green tea and rice crackers , and so on .
I 've watched only just a few of them before , but they were all inspiring and interesting .
in this year I started learning spanish .
one of the reasons that I bought a tablet is to read computerized books .
why I 'm here is thanks to my teacher
my friend introduced me this website .
in the toilet , I felt dizzy , and I can think of the reason .
when I went out for dinner with my colleagues , one of them from Tokyo asked me why I forced myself to speak in Kansai dialect all of a sudden .
I am now trying to understand what Obamacare is and how it work .
nowadays , it is very common to hear that some children are movie star , I think that if they like and have talent in what they do , then there is no problem because soon or later they become good actors , but also I think that it is bad when parents force their children to follow this career regardles of their education .
in conclusion , I like art and creating .
I decide to go out to Andong alone .
Hope that helpful .
when I clicked my phone it go wrong so all the applications I download from internet disappeared include ' pronunciation checker ' ! I feel upset now !
I would also like to learn to play flute and violin in near future .
first , if we allow them to use cell phones in school , some of students use them during class and their grades will be getting worse .
some trainers are talking to their trainees about training plan .
I started writing diary in April this year , and I had a plan .
we know that we should do , but we tend to be lazy against our good judgement , like greetings , and most of people are second type ; " they can do but do n't want to do . " therefore , Goethe stated expressly .
so today he chewed a ornament and broke .
our boss ask me may I help her daughter review mathematics tomorrow .
it ca n't be compare in the same stander of normal people .
the reason is that black coffee is the better of tasting original taste of coffee and I do n't like sweets .
then there are those who do n't really know what they 're doing , I mean , they contact you and tell you what they are looking for , then you set up a Skype meeting or write them on WhatsApp , and in that moment they just disappear !
also , you can go out without fear to be stolen .
it is very hard to say my idea in English spontaneously when I talk with people .
now I 'm working in banking industry .
if i write the sentence " given the choice between studying alone and studying in the group , I would choose studying alone . " , is it wrong ?
I went to the Asakusa today .
I 'm going to visit for USA at the beginning of next month .
that 's why she made a new one to me .
it 's too sleeping . . . !
I lined up for 1 hour to buy the lottery .
now i study English and spanish in college .
you should remember the past tense of " plan " is " planned , " not " planned . "
Rumor has it that beginning date of the semester in Ateneo de Manila university has changed .
I want to talk with English for several things .
and besides , I can focus myself and my life when I 'm alone
she love dancing in fact she would like to be a dancer , she do it very good .
it 's mysterious and sweet story .
it remind me when I had working as a graphic designer for a long time ago .
I thought culture shock is just a phase that you find differences from your culture when you start living in different culture which probably is negative reaction .
I study English because I like English .
I want to be a quantitative analyst who specializes in the application of mathematical methods , such as numerical or quantitative techniques to financial and risk management problems , because I think using mathematics objectively to make a profit in financial market is brilliant idea .
I am preparing for CAE exam .
the exam is so difficult especially English - _ -
male smoker almost accounted for two third of the male population in 1960 and this number continue to decline over the time .
so I remember I had been gone to some amusement parks with my friends for I enjoy them .
my HN is Linda .
correct me please !
my wife went to see her friends in Nagoya in the yesterday morning .
and then I went to the restaurant where I already ordered for my my father -in-law 's birthday .
social networking helps us keep in touch with loved-ones , Twitter has been used to escape government control , you can track down friends you 're lost contact with .
and more than anything , I love the neighborhood of people including you .
and I worked like 10 hours beside lunch time was 15 minutes . . .
I decided to buy only the thinks that I needed .
they even may hold demonstrations and a lot of martyrs may fall down .
I wish I can improve my game skill more as well as my English .
trip definitely is one of the best trips that I been to .
and he also da not know he have a father and mother .
yes ! it 's just to translate a book that you love or is very poplular ! absolutely , sharing your reaction to a book with others is also a good method .
it compound of two words , " Momo+Tarou " .
Reiko : " I 'm going to go hamburger shop soon . "
I think there are some differences of sensible temperature between japanese and foreingers .
the image quality is great
well , I thought that my body it was n't made for dancing : I arrived to the pub and I felt delighted what I saw .
I already use ' Hulu ' but it does ' nt have English subtitle .
they asked teenagers with a picture of it and they answered " I do n't know it .
I 'm in the office from early morning to night every weekday so I feel good to walk sometimes in broad daylight .
the scores are approximately same , but they did n't reach passing grade of the exam , the results were both failure .
now this week is almost gone and i just have one more week
one day on video-game , I 've said " Roger " is a firstname is France , and for sure every one laughed !
I could n't training soon .
I have a friend of mine who text to me many time almost every day .
we used bicycle for ten years .
however the residence already have another official website , Facebook is more effective way to tell their messages to young people who do n't tend to be interested in politics but be interested in SNS .
that is bad situation for our health .
so , I want to speak English fluently .
i have many hobbies such as reading in general , jogging and watching football games .
her topic was about clinical adoption of Pharmacogenomics and its implications for clinical pharmacists .
because here is country side and boring for me , but my manager said please go to Hokkaido so I could n't refuse that even though I prefer big city , anyway I need to stay here for 3 month so I should work hard and save the money and study English !
I felt so bad but I practice my listenning skills .
there are not only seven colors in this world .
however , she told me that she would give me private lessons in that mail .
well , I will go to the park with kindergerten trip tomorrow .
they have lived here for their job at near cities or for study as the japanese language school students or university students or college students etc .
she says our baby cry overnight everyday .
these are pictures that I took of the dead pupa of the beetle .
after that I 'll learn more new words by next book that was written by same author .
common sense is not only one .
now I am calling Bangkok to know how everything is getting along .
my teacher talked to me , " why do n't you jump ? " when the training was over , he talked to us that there was a lazy guy , who was n't willing to jump , and his girlfriend must do n't love him , because he did n't have power !
however that 's not the most important reason .
going straight with confidence and braveness , no matter how hard the problem is .
I bought some food like vegetable , tofu , slices of pork , and onions with my friends in the supermarket .
to be honest , I want to notebook and a reference book .
3I want a holiday for another day .
specially , I really like reading book , listening to music and cooking .
the reason why I thought that is Edward feel great when he think he can see his own reflection in the glass in the story .
not tasty cheese
I cleared many weeds in the farmers garden and got rid of debris which tsunami carried .
furthermore , other countries ' movies are high industrialization .
we had a baby at June 11th , so she is taking care of our sum at her parent 's home .
my boss driver loss his concentration while driving .
I already arrange the my life style to avoid being too many people at the kitchen same time .
tragedy had occurred .
since we normally have a coalition between several parties , it may nopt be possible to implement every single thing you said you would try to .
I 'm looking fowered to it : D
because I have squandered money the other day , I endure it for a while .
when I want to told you some stories , I used past tense , right ?
however , I know few teacher and one of the stuffs was same age so I could have really enjoyable time .
by the way , the restaurant name means " a lot of variety of food , and tasty " in japanese .
I sometimes see japanese learners asking which of hiragana , katakana and kanji should be used for a word .
G : well , of course , we do n't care those because we know writers are non-natives .
first , that situation would bring the loss of diversity in terms of culture .
the building was so old that it looked like might be collapsed soon , but entrance fee was too expensive .
I bought a used motorcycle super cub 90cc of Honda .
actually , even it was midnight , I could go shopping .
I started to learn english on Duolingo a few month ago .
last month I had cold and favor , but I really enjoyed single christmas party with friends .
my mother tongue is russian and my goal here improve my english language skills .
I just cannot totally give up drawing , so I start to draw again .
I do n't think so , because there are many heavy smoker , and they ca n't go public places .
from then , many years passed , but even now Alahuku is famous for many people .
you can find Kiribati if you go between New Zealand and Australia , then straight up to the equator then you will find Kiribati .
I have been awaken too long .
it 's lucky to have such a good friend .
my name Aygul .
I am psychology in my country I am study a Master in Guiadance and counseling for to get a licence in USA and will work in this country .
and I have to work on my job and study , but I ca n't concentrate with it .
because it 's Friday , I 've got home early and enjoyed watching a movie " the Intersteller " which is my one of the best movies .
I find many friends are in love around me .
I think it 's because the weather that is rainy and hot and humid .
I do n't remember even my mother 's number .
but she told me about this website , but I 'm not exactly sure what to write .
this custom limousine , known as " the duchess " , was used when Duke and duchess were in New York .
sports festival was a lot of fun , but it left me with agony !
I went to Nagoya two weeks ago and I met friend .
besides , I prefer respect the studio of your sister .
I hope to go to kagoshima again .
last summer holiday , I was crazy about this grogram .
snakes always are cold and dangerous to me , even horrible image in my mind .
because of that , I prefer christian calendar .
water drops say good-bye to Miss Fish and go to the sea .
language is extremely complex thing .
I have got a cough and tonsils swollen .
I have been watching many movies on you tube since it started New year .
she name Polina .
unfortunately , the animals which are on the verge of extinct are hunting by poachers who earned by selling certain parts of these animals such as horn or fang .
I checked in and waited for the services .
because i want make some international friends .
but I could n't , I was a shame .
I prepared one also today .
if you watched " filth " , please write your impression .
massager said my spine is little distorted .
Karp study based on interviews of children living in the group of islands that includes Tertia wo n't be able to give specific information about Tertia children unless we can separate the results from the Tertian children from the other children of the group of islands .
I am a teacher and while studying our professors give us advises about class management .
I hope make many friends here , bye !
tomorrow is holiday of conscience Black 's Day .
I am in favor of the idea of we are easier to succeed in our generation than succeed in the past .
so I hope more japanese participate in Lang-8.
we likes the origin of this movie .
to make significant dreams come true should need to take lots of risks and determines .
in order to watch a video , I started to download it from the web-site I had often used .
I did n't contribute my diary for a long time . . .
I caught last train .
they are often seen close to human settlements and firmland .
when I went to beach I usually did windsurf .
while , remaining positive attitudes can not rescue them from tough condition , but encourage them quickly recovering from negative emotion .
I 'll often use .
emotion can our lives fan .
if I forgot to bring something , I could go my room anytime to bring that .
she confused that money with a dirty tissue that she had in her pocket jeans .
please tell me how to save money to reserve hotel in US .
thank you for spending wonderful times .
this has an influence in the ice melting , the hotter weather and the extinction of some animal and plant breeds .
when she placed an order , she gave me her card and signed with left hand .
I want to see the each part of the world .
then we went shopping but bought nothing .
because it`s teachers have no any teaching enthusiasm .
the headline maybe it is a bit overblown , I just want to explain because an action movie can be so good movie .
someday , my girlfriend said that there was good internet site to correct my English .
but my favourite sport to practice is karate .
can you believe ? ?
many times such things happen that problems resolve it depend on the leader determination , giving much deep analysis of the issues .
today I check the potato patch .
when I could feel something important , I want to say " thank you " from bottom of my heart .
I want to share a lot of time with students .
this morning , I was supposed to wake up around six , but I over slept !
to your family , relative , friend , important person .
in China , the variety of dialects population can use the same characters to express , and communicate with each other .
I 've got a fucking headset on , talking shit to fourteen old in Michigan .
she sended training questions that I asked before .
3 friends came my home .
in Paul 's mind , every man should have one lofty but simple goal in his life----work hard and enjoy himself .
but I do n't think hero will be remembered forever .
nowadays , more and more people are taking seriously to road safety .
how do japanese medical doctors think about sugariness restriction to lose weight ?
theoretically , I should have doubted whether I could make it or not and felt too nervous to speak to tens of thousands of people in public places since I was a little introverted .
they seem to function properly , some are even quite successful .
I listen different music , but I prefer rock .
while there are still targets to be archived and resolved , I think the progress in this issue is obvious .
because I was so interesting and so happy while I was staying in Philippines for one week .
she is the mastermind around the electrolysis used in the reactors built by E2Metrix .
islamic State released a new video .
I have been working in secretarial field for more than 5 years .
I want to learn much more then now !
A few days ago , I asked a girl to go prom with me .
I did n't think I started played it after 20 years when I was a kid .
listen to what they wantto teach
there is not doubt that early retirement has both advantages and disadvantages .
Ivan is very clever and I am sure , him will work soon as chef .
I like English and want to be proficient in English .
the kind of music I like is country music so i love Taylor swift- my idol .
after that , I attended my american history and american economics classes from 12 to 5 p.m. then I took my accoung class by 9:30p .
now the number of my entries on Lang-8 is the same as the number of Christian era .
I should ate korean food or hamburger , according to my reason .
the manager of the cafe leave all works to shop assistants .
there is n't many places to visit in Valencia , I refer to cultural places like a places to enjoy a good play of theatre or interesting concerts but it 's a lively city with lots bars and pubs , people are all the time in the street and you can enjoy the city during all year ought to its temperature .
so to explain korean family relationship , I need to draw and explain them each !
I was itchy and painful at same time .
I learnt this word in japanese comic about fishing .
the prince lives in a palace with his wife and their child , they are have a sincere dog .
because having family means people pay many things for example education , foods .
I want many friends here who are speak English .
teachers speak only in English , and also students do .
when I correct a journal , I always store the native language in the text editor called Hidemaru and edit it so that all sentences are set off by full stops .
I want to give wonderful present to my parent , but choosing the present is much more difficult than i think
it is drama in America .
I am worried because is five o ' clock and the library is closes at 5:30 p.m. I know that history is so important .
the second reason is that it will good to have various friends .
last month I had a teacher very drastic and her lessons were very boring .
this year I have the objective to achieve the FCE level for English
here is a translation in colloquial japanese :
I 'll try to upload many comments in this year .
this agreement includes the implementation of social measures to help the working class , a universal basic income , and a constituent process which would have to be validated through a binding referendum by the end of the legislature .
what happened .
this two ways are better .
he said ' ' oh , thank you . ' ' and I took a picture of them but I wonder the English expression I used was natural or not .
how to turn a nation into a mere population ?
Hope it will become true one day .
Mostof all I love my family .
this MISTEKE was unforgivable .
that was the very first times I put the key and turn a motorcycle on by myself with me sit on it to ride it .
I have to try my best everyday to achieve my dream .
other employees is after work .
but if I can something by many aspects , I think I can understand it deeply and correctly .
my mother has dementia and lost the ability to swallow .
therefore , the responsibilities of making the most of technical progress rest with us and it is of great significance to evaluate and assess the implications of some applications of technologies .
when did the major give him the freedom of the city .
bears have returned to the Chornobyl alienation zone
this is what an autoritarian regime would do and will only serve to fortify an autoritarian regime " , he said .
Holpfully I can get good score .
they are mystery books for children and very easy to read .
the aged man found a better place for reading !
this morning , I did not need to wake up since I did not really sleep at all , but I do n't want to take those sleeping pill because this anxiety is different with the other anxiety I encountered before .
I realized this spot is really popular site for all tourists .
do you bring works home on weekends ?
I was shy so hid behind a monitor he was looking at .
the kind of thing I can only have an opinion if I live it .
he always made me laugh by funny jokes .
seeing there is already a disproportionate number between females and males in China , it makes the males even harder to find a wife in the future .
we call it is " Asadokusyo " .
this example illustrates that parents does n't teach us anything important .
I listening to her music everydays .
this year is typically said my critical age in Japan .
however , the side jobs must not be hindrance of the primary jobs .
is it really possible for human to inhabit in Mars ?
and why it was exist so long ?
I like thinking that internet is a kind of extension of our world and our interests .
not only to a journey diary but also to a novel .
hello , everyboby .
I stayed at the hostel , and I met a japanese .
A lot of works need to be settled on tomorrow morning .
it is scienifically prove that having a healthier life contribute to extend the years in human life .
in this article , american student said there should be longer vacation in Japan because there are too much homework .
I 'm in coffee shop .
but at the same time the house should not deprive domestic cosiness .
I was going to be a music teacher , but then I changed my idea and I am a geophysical engineer now .
I believe that world is big a lot and there are so many histories around , and i need to know !
my english very bad , but i want to study and free speak on this language .
his elementary school playground is repairing this year , so ca n't be used .
I want help to write and speak english .
yesterday night was so stressful because i counted all the products we have in our store , i start from the cups and fruits and then followed with all the displayed we have in the counter area .
I think that I will restudy English from the first step .
I wonder that most of us had secret place to play with friends or kill time around our neighborhood in our childhood and we want even our parents to know where the place is .
A lot of business trips prevent parents from staying with their children and knowing what the children watch .
it was two month since we two had quarreled , so I was embarrassed and did n't know how to do .
they have been held many of the exhibitions in thoughtful good theme and their collection is worth to watch .
about that date because I was thinking this : I ll going to Edinburgh really soon so I do n't want a italian boyfriend , but anyway I decided to go out with him .
I dreamed of living a nice house last night .
I do not know why maybe because i feel willow is a good girl and she is so poor !
anyway at the youth hostel near the mountain , I made a lot of chinese friend .
sure my mother will be proud of me
it is impossible for me to become to like a tomato .
at first , we did n't know it was illness , so we thought he was really a lazy guy .
and indeed it is so thrilling : either with the book or the HBO tv serie , you 're just falling back off your chair because the actions of the caracters are so unexpected .
it was " straight outta Compton . "
I will happy if you become my friend and if will talking with me !
my mom rear me with a lot of love .
but i like to learn more about language , it is my first time to use lang-8 , i think it will accelerate my English level .
in Japan , there is a fortune-telling for tomorrow 's weather .
he masqueraded doctor on a Royal canadian destroyer .
in the evening , I coded from 8 to 10.30 pm .
another big bonus is that I do n't have school anymore because this weekend is longer because today is a festive day and we do n't have to go to school and our school gave as tomorrow free as well .
anyway I 'll work at a wedding hole tomorrow .
last year , i went to the USA for an internship in an automotive company .
what come to your mind in summer ?
I am really anxious and would you anyone like to help me ?
I need improve my english , cause it is global language and I very confused if I can not say what I need or want .
when I learnt English at junior and high school , most my English teachers emphasized to study hard it to me .
they think we are making a cost reduction because compared with the old model , there is a perceivable gap in the material quality , especially we have made some unprofessional cutting in the beam and the hydraulic piston mechanism is improperly located which leads to potential danger for the users .
it plan to open on 24th this month .
I feel sad , disappointed very much .
I think that is a good way for learn a lenguage and mett other people .
but we should n't forget that one of the most important causes of this bad thing is that people is n't earning enough money or , in the worst case , without job .
it 's easy to solve to them .
I think the rain it 's gonna stop but I 'm not very sure .
and I bought mad max 's art book .
I and my wife were worried and checked what should I do in internet .
things what I 've decided not to do .
their topics was about their common friends or each other 's hobbies as is usual for people who meet after a long time however , for the reason I ca n't remember , they began talking about Haruki Murakami , and one of them said that she did n't like his novels and continued the reason .
some year ago you could waste half a day to get to an office finding it closed , or discovering that it was the wrong place .
I show great ardor and make efforts to peruse my interest .
I know it maybe too early since I will be there in August 2016.
if I can keep write English diary , can I study something slowly ?
her job was to prepare food when my father and his colleagues were on work .
to stop with drama because it 's time to back to studies .
dear my friends and members at Lang-8,
I hope my studying abroad is gonna be better ! !
I think fairy tails are better what he knows .
I made a roast chicken for early christmas party today .
I wrote message and drew a illustration of TOTORO on it .
I bring lunch box everyday .
we can see are crate on the moon surface .
I has been work in this company for 2 years after my graduation from college .
my mother stayed my home yesterday .
I went to a small japanese supermarket in downtown today .
this is because I am scared at fishhooks .
all chinese people can not remember all chinese like Hong Konger .
I know it 's more ashamed when other people realise I did n't catch up with talking .
and Moon declared he will run for President again 2017.
I realized it was n't that bad actually .
I back home at 8 o ' clock .
I had flu , so I have to take additional test . . .
I am wondering it is because I was driving with car windows open .
and you , what do you think about my responses ?
I do not like myself feeling so .
but now I needed English skills for work !
I usually go there to buy some things for lunch and dinner on weekend .
it was so busy because of there was not enough staff member .
I hope you`ll correct my bad English sicerely !
I introduce my favourite comics called " Bonobono " .
for a very long time I was floating on air , but one day I saw a text from her ex-boyfriend on her cell phone by accident , which says that he have learnt his lessons and wants her back .
what I study from my project ?
today , I have received a email from Lang-8 team .
it is hard to become a public school teacher in Korea requiring to get certifications through many courses and win fierce open competition .
she ended up not coming there and going back home .
I am a spanish student who want to improve my english level .
I could come back to Japan next day .
first of all , I 've never paid a taxi fares myself , so that was amazing thing for me .
I like him because he always encourage me in most situations on my life .
today I 'm going to introduce about Namie Amuro who is a singer and dancer .
so , if I wonder in my studying just like " which words are right in this sentence ? " , I ca n't know the answer because there are no one around me answer it and it 's also not efficient to make some sentences to know the answer of simple question like the difference of words , mean , grammar , and so on .
since then , I have a particular interest in the maintenance and development of green spaces . .
definitely one of the worst dream ever .
I am exceedingly excited about going back to school to finish my study and double major in English .
one day they suddenly told me that they would like us to leave here as soon as possible because they should birth early .
my favourite language is german , because i really the biggest fan of Rammstein , Tokio hotel , also i like to study german history .
well , that 's because Osaka is a comedian town !
taking photos to mark every unforgettable times with your family .
I think I wantto take it again the day after tomorrow .
we had to close gas , NHK subscription , etc .
she said me , " it 's starting to rain ! "
if you would choose a land where humid and hot such as Indonesia , you have to build a house in type of breathes well .
but now is really hard time to against the sleep .
they did n't realize her grand mother kept calling because her friend 's smartphone kept manner mode .
this playstracture has been designed for children 6-12 years old .
they told me that students have time , but they do n't have money , and workers is in opposite situation of students .
the idea was brought out based on the by George F .
but interestingly dialects borrowed from japanese may have difference original meanings .
B " well , you had better stay at home and read a book or do whatelse you want to . "
in contrast , if a person has no passion about l life , he , even at a young age , may appearl lifeless .
I ate Tenpura with my brother .
then , after a while , it started drizzling , so I rushed to the stage where there was a roof , and watched other people remained at their places continuing their work out , no at all be disturbed .
it was an optional , but I tried recording following the advice how to get to the site and to record myself .
from the other side , we can know new product or services through the advertisements .
the main reason of such situation is that of people seek happiness not in inner world , not in inner mind , but in outer world .
therefore if possible , I hope that the office to focus on promoting them .
life is game and all people is gamers in this .
I felt cultural difference from " last but not least "
I would like to frequent an university in London for study cinema .
usually I do n't realized that I am happy but I am so lucky to have all thing now I have .
and the giant riped the slit open as widely as possible !
very nice to meet you !
despite this position more than two thirds of our territory are a desert area where life conditions are very tough .
I do n't like to study English . but I wantto speak English well .
after watching the ad , we get the ideas as well as solidify what should a man or a woman be like .
I 've been using this name all my life .
Okonomi-yaki I ate with my co-workers tasted great .
she has been my sister 's office and there is far away from my home . . . .
I like to watch animes , series and action films .
the young girl puts on her orange swimsuit and jumped in the sea .
hello , recently I started learn english .
I think the members can help me , so I was very happy to discover this website .
hello , I 'm trying to translate some peace of newspaper as my homework .
I want to tank you for such a great product .
for example , the housing price in big cities may be several times of that in small cities .
I chose " Okroshka with Kvas " and " Robs with potato " from new menu .
I usually go fishing with my wife 's brother on the end of year .
I 'm a Thai officer who work with foreign boss .
I wantto do it .
after I watched the show , I went to a store to get a Yakisoba and cooked it .
so using this website , I want to be better English learner !
the school says almost of all japanese subtitles are free translation , so when we rely on those subtitles completely we ca n't learn what exactly they are speaking .
I have been staying in the Norfolk building since September 2014 , and this problem only appears since August 2015.
I answered them , " I slipped in the baturoom , and hit the ribs in the bathtub .
at least for me , it 's impossible to not think on bad uses of , for example , invisibility .
I think get a working holiday visa to go to Japan is a good choice for him .
he was so fun !
this is the third novel I 'm reading about world war I ; first " the Thibaults " by Roger Martin du Gard , then " and quiet flows the Don " , and now " A farewell to ar Ms. all three novels have been great , but war is the worst thing ever .
I have been using japanese since child .
I worry about my life . . .
I could read " desert flower " and " memoirs of Geisha " , but " Bridgit Joan 's diary " was too difficult to read for me .
I read the book called " Sinbad the sailor these days .
I have seen many of them , such as Egao no Hosoku , Ekemen Desune , Nodame cantabile .
when she come to Japan , she sent a gift to me .
everyone , I am a chinese girl .
I had Ashtanga yoga class today evening .
I have no idea the defference " get up " and " wake up "
what is prepare for go to Canada ?
that is to say , even we can gain a lot of money ; if we do not have a healthy body , how do we enjoy our wealth .
Jasmin stays in the week mostly at home , because she have a lot to do for the school .
this increase in spending was due to smoking-related diseases such as heart-attacks , respiratory and bloody pressure issues .
Q7 I 'm gonna name some famous people , and you gonna try to guess of they are chinese korean or japanese .
although I am clearly not qualified to be one of them but I believe through hard work and adequate preparations , I will be ready to that some day .
please let me know how you can solve .
I know it is too smart to have distance .
however , it 's been cold lately , so I put them on cold area in my home .
A few days ago I buyed a new book of Haruki Murakami " Colorless of Tsukuru Tazaki " .
I aspire to work as a nurse in UK , but in order to do that I must pass my IELTS exam .
it was very beautiful , but I ca n't make a wish .
I was very happy to be asked to go there from my sinior .
yesterday , I had some drinks with friend in a bar .
I 'll stop describing this here .
it 's the last time the citizens of Murmansk see the sun in the passing year .
Tomoko is a pretty silly woman and she often has love affairs with her manager now .
at the end i do not like him either and i do not want to see him again .
tomorrow I will fly home to handle my visa to Hongkong .
2 , generally speaking , palatable food means good thing , but it does not necessarily mean tastes great for everyone .
so I worked up to my courage to enter a recruit of a day care center in NY .
I am learning English as a second language and I would like to meet people to improve my writing skill .
they 've been with me more than two months by now .
she bought a famous fortune teller who has talented to tell the true future .
my job includes reporting to my boss about my progress in making the presentations for the most important meetings scheduled that week .
what 's more , parents make decisions for children like should they go to school or homeschooling .
I hope I can recover soon that I can continue to play volleyball .
I enjoy sakura viewing every year , I never do it .
I live in Spain , in Extremadura , i would like to learn English very good , and i have a English presentation at the university and i want to talk about how do we learn a new language ?
the door is made of glass with silver handle .
I like to eat spicy food , my favourite sport is basketball ;
we got out the cab immediately and slapped the taxi doors .
she sorted out all the luggages by herself .
firstly , the government can apply a standard curriculum which is properly used to the students in different levels around the country .
we almost searched everywhere inside the supermarket and could n't fine one .
but the good thing is that there is also a Lady waited the bus in the station .
* witch is right ?
then he told me that he imagined " explosion , " " bursting out " from the sentence .
and I listen to music , japanese rock .
so we decided to have lunch together to actualize the news .
I thought the factory can not guarantee that staffs work in this place is safe .
I drank with my old friends yesterday because I heard he marry .
yesterday I went to the cinema to watch this movie and from the beginning I thought that the first actress reminded me of somebody I had known in a moment of my life but I could n't remember immediately who . . . .
Crayfish need sand for molting and place to hide .
I get frustrated with the people who still thinks that the world belongs to us and nothing is going to happen .
in fact , I have n't even open the package this month .
some years ago , a friend of mine asked me to begin using Skype and talk .
moreover , tomorrow highest temperature will be 20 degree celcius .
thanks to my teacher who encourage me to apply it .
thanks for reading my writing
but there 's still some others tend to write a letter .
the park faces Tokyo Bey .
as it was very valuable chance , I went to go to see .
though I 'm cold .
I add somethings that is good and probably essential for a tale , and maybe I make a bit better than the previous version .
the countries I 'd really like to visit now are USA , Canada , Finland , Russia et eastern Asia .
it is so exciting that Pokemon links to real world ! !
my budget is already over so I have to work hard .
but they want I have also a lot of job experiences . . .
I want to learn Einglish without being afraid of mistakes .
my daughters and I went to Chidorigafuchi last Saturday which is the most popular place to visit to see cherry blossomes in Tokyo .
recently there are many problems about pets in Japan .
it 's mainly because my hometown is not humid , not as Tokyo .
what are you going to do evening of tomorrow ?
I wantto go to Korea , go to Japan , go to Africa , go to Israel and go EUA but dream without cash is hard .
but , I 'll best .
not whit the sowercap !
I ca n't speak and write , sorry .
I have some discount tickets of restaurant chain called " Katsuya " so my wife and I went there to have lunch .
you spent other times for sleeping or personal things .
it 's not like that classes of Yale university we see in the internet which are awesome .
I watched a movie at a theater .
we were not much surprised because we had already expected that to some extent .
but we only have a few true friend .
I 'm considering to go to another hospital because the doctor of the emergency room is not professional about eyes .
I live in Kanto area so it 's so far from my place , but Kyoto is very famous for the beautiful coloured leaves so maybe I should go there , too .
he has a lot of imaginations .
then , what will I do ?
I wanted to go out and enjoy amusements with my family , but I ca n't . . . .
if I move overseas , I would take it with me .
' why did you do the same things all the time ? '
in the north are also many lakes .
I could n't talk about my distress to someone who live close but I wanted someone to listen to me .
I know a sentence can be expressed in many different ways , without changing its ' meaning .
we went to go a beautiful toursit site near this city .
I live in nara , Japan
it is so difficult to choose books for me .
some said , her family can sue the supper market for offence and insult children .
I spent with my friends on christmas Eve and christmas .
in business , the contract is not almighty and there are many thing decided by oral and e-mail .
the day was cool , because sun was hidden by clouds , flabby wind was blowing and was drizzling .
this stream name is ' Yurikei '
some peep are sure that foreign languages must not be studied because it is shows disrespects to own language .
this is a greeting and question for foreign teacher .
I went to Japan Chinchilla festival .
yesterday when I heard it , I thought it was a good sentence , but I forgot writing it down .
my favourite food is pizza , noodles , v .
I wantto learning english because I need to use this language in my work .
I 'm french and I lived in the south of France and I have to take an examen in 4 month from now that why I need a real help because my level is not enough to pass it .
you can try to read in japanese at first .
when I went to the restaurant in America , I was surprised to see the size of meal and drink cup .
this repository includes my personal practices during 2014 flask study , in the facebook group named flask Korea .
it is noted that the seeds of plants having two boxes somewhat smaller than plants of a single box .
next comments were testimonials from clients about good job of the prostitute .
in the text of my English class , is about of the child who had 13 years old and whose name is Gus .
finally , it all added up since the meatballs added up to a very tasty dinner .
I 'm a teacher and I 'm work at school .
and who were dear for us
there is no way I can finish it during today .
he becomes blue sea and blue sky who is very nice guy .
but the funniest thing is that this do n't make me properly sad .
I ate dumpling for lunch .
the important thing is that we have to prevent such the tragic event .
certainly , buses and trains stop only some specific places , but it promotes us to walk .
and we also enjoy drinking beer or something after the sports .
I plan to go to a cafe in the mountains along with the closest friend tomorrow .
but , no wories , it was a hot day , which is not really normal this time of the year .
nobody wants to to live in unplasant environment .
however , he seems to hate doing this .
I am a chinese girl and live in Xian , Shannxi now .
what is your traditional entertaining ways of halloween in your countries ?
today was very nice day in my life !
I will be happy to help any one want to learn arabic language or psychology
it looks that more than half of high school students go lessons outside school like those .
it 's hot today , so I drunk much water .
it 's pleasure that you read those sentence .
I think learning a foreing language is an ongoning challenge .
after a while he arrived to the place , and the police was already there .
Prior to drawing a detailed schedule on each day of a trip , you should be done choosing where you go , who you are with , and how many day and night you spend .
first look worms then place that was most important , my dad knew a very special lake where fishing was good but it was also inhabited by other animals , not caring so we decided to go to the place , back to the house we were with many fish and hungry too .
so i had to study more .
but my face do n't allowed me express my thoughts .
turkish troops in the northern part of the island obstruct prospects of reunifying Cyprus .
generally it is said that quality of japanese products and services are good .
well , i live in Costa Rica , is a beautiful place for the explorer and adventure people , my country has a tropical whether , for nine months we have a lot rain , my favourite soccer team is club sport Herediano , i love the mexican food like a burritos and tacos , i am young boy for this reason i like the party and the actual music .
some people argue tht you should choose a job which affords you a great salary , but in my opinion , a jpb which gives me more satisfaction is superior than it for several reasons .
I do n't like my outward appearance cause I too fat !
it 's hard for me to memorize the new job .
we went skiing at the " Okutone-snowpark " last Saturday and slid from 6:00 in a morning .
after we visited all the views , no more time left .
being admitted to any one of them is a huge honor , let alone receiving offers from all those schools ! I felt really happy for her great success , and her story inspired me to write my own fate in a splendid way .
there are only few countries that made profit by holding olympic , mostly countries which held in the past had debts .
the price and the performance of smart phone are acceptable to most ordinary people , which lead to rapid development of mobile game .
today , I finished summer supplemental classes for high school 3rd year students .
generally speaking , it would n't be happen the guy who can barely speak some mandarin is admitted to foreign graduate school .
I 'm really looking forward to the trip .
that church is an unique mixture of religious severity and material exuberance , represented by the strict monks ' lifestyle that coexists with the lavishness of frescoes , wood inlays and polycrome marblings .
I also took a English class in an academy since this was my first goal therefore I went to UK .
most people living here are farmers ; they worked at fields every day .
I guess I do n't think about eat meat for a while .
infact she is the ghost of the dead wife of Alex the boy who fall in love with .
education that places emphasis on memorization is often criticized but I believe it 's not that bad .
secondly , I watch it without subtitle in order to concentrate on listening .
it worth watching !
I respire freely , and I do n't want to be distracted .
10- humans and dolphins are the only species that make sex for pleasure .
do you know Sushi has a lot of types ?
anyway , I feel I 'm still a bit afraid about not being able to use language properly , even though my teacher usually gives me good scores in my essays , which by the way are too concise in my opinion .
it is so beautiful and many people came viewing to SAKURA .
I thought I would be done with the analysis part work , but found out I had more analysis that needed to be complete by tomorrow .
the rose is a very common symbol for love and roses has a very important part .
A few days ago my life is no meaning .
here is very comfortable , warm and fine everyday .
I want to go club or party , and then I want to enjoy dancing with drink !
nobody want to eat rotten carrots even cattle .
at last brief my self introduction ,
I usually have a lot of paperworks and meetings with colleagues or makers .
she was impressed so much and thanked me a lot .
we do n't have to make a high goal , even read a book , write a poem , watch a movie , make a meal or get up early , when you make it , you will feel your life is continue .
S . , but I did n't expect him come to the airport I would leave at .
the result was bad : his eyesight was poor in his left eye .
some people was killed to them every year .
I will have to decide which to go back or stay here until next year . .
the story about the future of adolescents , found in the attic of a book through which they learned about what school was before .
my listening and writing English are very bad .
anyway , I started to new class .
com , which is chinese version of Facebook .
proficiency in English , ukrainian , russian limited proficiency in polish .
because my boss would be an american which means I will say English everyday !
in the celebrated movie " back to the future " , 2015 was a fabulous year , where auto-lacing sneakers , flying skate , jaws series 15 , junk-powered time machine and so forth amazed you .
the bullkiller have a sword and he is helped by a horseman with spear and the " banderilleros " , mens that sticking harpoons in the back of the bull .
today , I went to Chunghua movie theater to watch that , the stolen five years .
at the time , my major goals of Europe trip were watching soccer games in London and snowboarding in swiss .
how to use " in the beginning " ?
I do n't recall why I did n't do anything in the matter after that .
A translation of a woman saying " I do n't feel heard " so that a man could correctly interpret is is : " I feel as though you do n't fully understand what I really mean to say or care about how I feel .
now I ' am learning japanese .
Juan : ok , I hope I have it understood .
initially I was afraid that I could n't work out in the position because I 'm kinda introvert and my English is so bad .
I knew that canadians first language is English .
I hope I 'll stick to my intention !
A : I used to belong the same company before .
today is a very nice spring day .
I am learning English & you can help me , if you can English !
I hope that someone can help me with my bad English and with my an elementary errors .
I saw the name of the book in one article firstly .
I saw Eisei bunko exhibit in the art museum .
after that my coworker and I moved to an other building to attend a meeting .
I think it would be much better trying something even a little than trying nothing .
I remember when I started working in this field , I didn't ' t share this strategy at first , but later I found that it was the only one possible most of the times .
I wonder what did you if you are upset or feel very bad .
because demand of companies for speaking English ability is getting higher , more companies require the grade of English speaking tests such as TOEIC speaking test .
I only modified the event name in the previous form .
I am looking forward to make it again .
I begin a soliloquy from today .
in other words , that means " to make something that can be made by evaporate water . "
for examples , when students take job they bring confidence from success in school .
they cut of the trees , it creates the deforestation , trees are lungs of the world we need of it
due to the financial crisis , it is evident that finance career get increasingly competed , except for a few top students , even the students ranking at first class feeling stressful .
I want learn english because I 'm going to work in another country .
they call this day Ashooaa .
the most important reason was that was mathematics class , Mr.
then the mosquito started to showing off , when , flying away very proud of herself , got entangled into a spider 's web ; shortly before being eaten by the spider , the lion rushed and destroyed the web , setting the mosquito free .
they flatter when others looks fierce .
of course I was got angry by my mother .
and when I was back home I began to use computer .
I was just wondering how to use " travelling " in a centence because I usually use " go on a trip to " instead .
the mass started to learn about the toad worship and brought it everywhere on internet .
do you like to go eating out ?
and he had gotten to be able to do jump rope three times , five times , . . . .
although we used to hang out together often before , we 've not done it recently because we both are busy .
I was finding how to self-study French on the internet when I saw this website .
I was asked bound for Yurakucho at Tokyo st .
it should be noted that one can learn not only success , but failure of one 's parents .
my favourite hero is iron man in Avengers even I have a his toy figures .
as a result , if passer-bys see a scene of kissing in park , they are likely to feel relaxed instead of embarrassed .
interviewers might ask about " tell me about your self ? " or " why do you want to work for this department ? " in English .
I sometimes watches youtube makeup tutorials .
she looked like a queen , the Commander in the dinner time .
most people think that the environment of the earth is changing to the bad condition , but just few people changes their commuting styles , because it spends too much time for most people to get to their offices by bicycles .
I 'm in the dessert which is school sports club .
I have to check nine thesises , I think it will be hard loud .
they exchanged human for raw material like salt . . .
I performed at juggling show .
according to them , japanese education has some negative aspects such as making children passive , not-self assertive , rich knowledge and poor creativity .
I am missing home , I am missing .
additionally , side effects such as liver failure and heavy mental disease are reported and sometimes lead someone to death by the use .
is the almost only country which Doraemon has never been on tv .
the difficulties is that I do n't write about something .
by making enough preparation can make our becoming more confidently when we face the problem and resolve it become more convient .
although my students does not the winner , I believe that they had try to do their best !
this is a GRE exercise I made could yo help me to check my mistakes ?
I need tyo add some B-roll and the audio to the video .
at these nights you are experiencing a strange feeling - combination of mysticism , beauty and some kind of lonely .
so I will try to help him as hard .
it 's the enginner has a passion to make a service .
every new job takes a time to get used to it .
I am satisfaction life is full of the job .
furthermore , being a teaching assistant helped me to understand that we are all constantly learning from others , specially from those we are teaching to , no matter how much we think we know about a subject or a topic .
I want to communicate many people there .
I do n't like the japanese soccer because that 's not attractive for me .
the following is a record of yesterday .
Rubberies could represent a suitable example .
Kibum always has been faster than his younger brother so the closer was Kibum the tube , the further Taemin seemed to be .
I truly have self-reflection for that and this self-reflection mind will greatly influence my present and future ego and personality .
- has the teacher came yet ?
besides , in many provinces attending college a great honor for parents .
they decided to use an industrial cleaner for removal oil .
that 's does n't matter English is a language that I really like and I 'm going to learn the rules to do that correctly .
currently , I 'm studying English in NLCS Jeju which is international school in Jeju where is an island at South of South Korea .
as the hotel is not famous , there were not guests much .
too much patients cane to my clinic ! I 'm very tired now . . .
this morning when I was on the train I saw a big , beautiful rainbow .
I have to write English well to pass the exam .
thank you for your caring and kindness .
last half year I tried to learn English more .
I 'm student of famous university .
maybe it is always a contradiction between human beings and nature .
I wish i were a girl .
when is the best season of Bali ?
he just did n't get what Cameroon guy asked him in English . so his smile came out in weird way .
and I like tasteing all kinds of delicious food , hobbies like swimming , running , painting etc .
there are unusual toys and my son got excited ! !
now I 'm doing business with some asian countries .
more people can be get good education .
with humors has more opportunities to meet friends and make new friends .
there was similar trend in Jakarta , from three millions in 1970 to over 15 millions in 2015.
I went to French restaurant with people are in the same section .
he always say I am feeling not well , I feel headache and extra .
he can fend for oneself even in difficult time .
and then I hug and kissed to my guitar .
laughing is one of the best reducing stress for me !
I think many language learners are good at reading but not very good at speaking because of luck of practicing speaking .
I also used to facebook once .
first , if I buy a business , I can earn more much money .
one day , the men who attended to a doctor 's office were surprised .
now a days , rich people you can find easily but finding a honest person is very hard .
I have to take care of her at weekend , so I 'm going to get busy day .
Google , Facebook , Airbnb , Quora and Instagram are the companies I want to work for .
in the morning we went to the naturals swimming pools we sunbathed and bathed there , in the afternoon we visited a lot of places , museums , cellars and natural parks too , and in the evening we went to the differents restaurants for eat local food .
second , we must choice some difficult decisions , such as discards , educaitons , and so on .
also I 'm interested in study French but only I can introduce about myself in French .
in these interviews Chomsky reflects on many issues regarding the attacks .
we all have experienced the feeling of fear .
although he had an exhibition at his town recently , I could not go because I studied abroad .
opposite to her , I had always been annoyed about his behavior .
I used to learn English only through English books and audio files .
the tv show introduced various kinds or umbrellas in the world .
did foreign media report this ?
I call you back later in the morning .
because , lots of students need their long holydays to resources himself , to break with the school routine .
however , I have lack English skills and
I remembered another story when I was staying in Hong Kong last Nov , 2014.
my sister is an college senior and she has to prepare for graduate examination .
I had a friend who was in a bad car crash .
my hobby is cooking . especially I like to make the japanese food .
regarding me i am quite happy with my family and friends in South Australia .
in conclusion I want to say , that form of education has to is chosen individually for each .
there is a lot of snow every where .
one day I went to eat at " rules " is one of the oldest restaurants in London , and the food was really delicious .
nowadays in many countries we can find couples of same sex .
I realized that I bought a lot of books which they had not read yet .
they have always told me that is good have siblings .
the interest of stories is depend on " Rakugoka " .
very warm and cozy weather .
hi , this is Bohee Lee
I usually go to a church to take English lessons on sutaday .
half an hour ago i didn't ' t know what Harlem shake was .
for most people it is a main part of working process .
the restaurant called " CoffeeEspresso " Adam taught me , is the place .
in chinese dietary culture , people play more attention to pursuing the taste than to emphasizing the nutrition .
I was about to tell my boss that I would devote to japanese .
I was interested in this book from behind name of it " 451 fahrenheit " cause I love fiction literature .
we drank some beverage in the cafe and we went to the fitness center .
also , parents take a bath with their child together while they grow up 6-7 years old .
last topic is how to solve your problem .
most people already know it is used as an international language .
what 's more , it ignores the backward and forward of time .
next day I took part in spartan race in Halifax .
anyway , next month , i will working with children in summer camp .
the conflix is too shallow , or cliche .
if I try to buy these stuffs in Japan .
but I will listen it again !
I 'm so happy and filled with excitement for future ! !
I thought that speaking English was the best way to keep myself remember English , so I looked for a part-time job at international restaurants today .
* when I read a good story and I feel connected with the caracters I also lean more about my self .
my friends stayed in my house now .
the unclaimed treasure strove of everything from cash to diamonds and guns , even hold onto some items that was of only sentimental value .
he is a frenshmen in machinery automation department in turned he campus .
because he was 35-year-old and he often run around in 90 minutes .
because of these parents forced their kids study more since they was a kid .
of cause I have one but recently I lost mine accidentally .
now , when I watch the same anime witch I used to watch , I understand the signs and jokes .
it 'll be helpful not only language students but also all ESL people .
nowadays , electricity counts as the one of the most important needs in our everyday lives .
so I did n't write diary last night .
i love swimming , playing games , learn more about technology of phones or comuters
there was only branches during the winter , but now we can see green leafs .
time and tide wait for a no men .
she thanked me a lot , and I felt really happy .
Mi name is Carlos and I live in Venezuela , South America .
today i have passed my last exam and my holiday will begin soon .
I actually took them to an expensive restaurants .
I wanted to have skate board .
I like play football , tennis and volleyball .
my way of studying a English is listening to CD and English pronunciation .
it is quite common to see that many newly parents participate in classes about how to rear their children .
since I was a kid , I have enjoyed mathematics things : solving mathematics problems , thinking concepts behind problems .
Federe answered .
what is best way for me ?
but , I can not afford the price of time and money .
it is difficult season for people of having hay fever .
I 'm twenty-four years old and my hobby is music and sport .
Teacer : how are you ?
after two hours rescue , firemen saved his life finally .
I ordered sandwich and tea .
it made in England ,
but it have a lot of problem .
this story delights me so much because invariably makes laugh to they who are told , because who that knows me thinks that it is an excellent example of my way of being .
I feel downe , because I do n't know what to expected now .
in nanjing , like in most urban areas , traffic gets pretty bad during rush hour .
it is used different things .
you solve unusuall problems and your brain use centers of cortex that are involved seldom .
if have parents let 's pin red rose on the left chest , if you have only one parent let 's pin yellow rose , and white rose for someone who without parents .
by knowing the acceptable consequence of this days hard working , one may acquire more motivation and passion to face the next challenge .
I wrote 3 sentences as above , then I was only pointed out wrong words and wrong grammar , but was not told where was wrong .
I have to admit that recently I have eaten too much , which results in weight gained .
hi , I 'm ichijiku .
when we have classmate explain his homework with ppt , she walked out the classroom , without listening or giving a comment .
finally i found the site .
yesterday i was so terrible because water pump and pipes broke down .
he cried for help because he was too young to die but no one dares to get involved .
many fellows said that when they saw it , what came to their minds was Egypt and the ancient egyptians civilisation .
I come back from my home and I hope have a wonderful experience in the univercity
if you live in Osaka , you 'll find it in the yesterday 's morning paper .
I 'm always thinking what food I will make today .
he has a good career and a girlfriend , so he did n't notice how his life is poor .
if there are n't small fishes , many insects are formed in the lake .
Sumo is one of japanese national sports .
how to say this japanese in English ?
when I was listening " answer cygnoides " , as if I could see a fresh spring located in the grassland flowing quietly while the sun was descending .
I ca n't draw illustration so I describe what I want draw , and my friend draw it .
some tests have returned today .
it 's best time to meet them in a day ! !
you know then you need to ask about help someone .
I expected an apple would be alkali .
May be quest gaming with solutions in English .
what is the most important thing for speaking in English ?
additionally , on seeing my coming out from McDonald 's , he told me not to do nothing but taking first foods and invited me to participate in the party .
we 're all catholic , but we go not so often to church .
favourite food is rice food .
I 'm try to learn it but my English still bad .
I 'm going to cook a beef stew because I cheeply got a beef at a time sale .
music represent the country and culture , I think .
it do n't like to take a shower , but it loves drink milk at morning .
do you know it ?
I ca n't believe that really he made it for the first time because was really yummy !
I always feel that if one day to prepare exam is given , I can do well in any exam .
to tell the truth , I begun with my first boyfriend on-line .
when I heard of alarm from my phone , I didn`t want to stand up from the bed .
this is my first time writing Lang-8.
she recommend to watch a lot of tv drama in English .
also , he will be the first president without military background .
we tried to escape them but I felt something strange .
in addition , technology development has another possibility to assist people with disabilities because of cutting cost .
what I liked the most is the statue that represents two demons holdng lanterns .
X : " no thank you .
generally , temporary workers have few chance to receive education in companies .
but I promised to meet my friends today in the lastweek , I should go to Gangnam after work .
I will consider slowly and carefully .
when became 2017 , I enjoyed chat on internet with some friends who speaks English .
I recognized I should go there at 9:00 but it seems are I had to go at 9:30.
I have been wanted to there .
it is a japanese meal , rice with eggs and chickens .
meanwhile , these outcomes might be related to non-judgemental approach of the project workers .
but the truth is problems are very common things for the life .
but forgot when I became adult .
most of all , I can take a rest by a short sleeping or playing with my friends .
we should find the effective methods to decrease pollution as soon as possible .
I came back my flat to ate , and I tried to found a job with my cv .
most children are between 1 to 10 years old and only two are 18 and 19 years old .
because I sang a lot in karaoke last night .
thank a lot in advance
our municipality afraid to losing control of private enterprise , that 's why we still use only municipal services for maintenance the city .
the man comes back to the store .
in our club we play lot kinds of music - reagge , dance , trance , dubstep , hardtek or even hip-hop music .
my cell phone number is +31 612 345 678
I am a student and studying English .
this story was very old .
my name is Jenny , i 'm 18 years old now .
it was nice day and there were so many people who were jogging .
first , we can read anytime .
Aquavitt is norwegian alcohol and so strong .
everybody can speak this easy language , but why I ca n't ?
until attending this conference , I would like to learn English conversation .
improving myself is my main aim which will never stop tell end of my life ,
but I drink it when I go to a meeting and the person in the other company offers it to me to be polite .
so when I make gather point documents , I will share it with coworker .
there is even a form of English which is called " Globish " and contains just 15.000 simple words .
I here Sukiyaki a while ago .
jewish use chinese .
she wrote ; somehow the mystery of language was revealed to me .
I study in sindibad school .
although I use English everyday at work , I 've been feeling I need to learn some new vocabularies for business .
the translation of phrase " I love you " from one of easten languages sounds like " I 'll take your pain at myself "
in this entry i want to talk about a movie called " 7 pounds " .
I blankly stared at it for a few seconds , until eventually realized that I knew that book very well .
also tt is the first teams where racism is a thing of the past and begin to treat the same way .
my car has been taken a car safety inspection since this Monday .
by the way , new student will come here today which means my new roommate !
this year , I send the cards only my close friends .
it has some led lights built into its parts such as the cockpit , making itself capable of replaying the hyperdrive .
sometimes , I feel I 'm coward .
undoubtedly , some things have been changing slowly , so I can understand some women are getting impatient .
my English skills are n't enough yet , but I think that they have gotten better than before .
many people get on trains to commute today .
but I 'm happy to get comments from two players .
we met at drawing institute when I was high school student .
after that , I went to before went bar .
Thoungh I was going to take an English test called EIKEN in Japan yesterday ,
I just have grauated from a college last year .
today promised to study with my friend ' DaMi ' .
because I had time ,
today , I worked part time job at Kyoto .
I 'm going to watch a movie at tomorrow of night with my best friends .
I am keen on study English .
second class was a american literature .
therefore we will study today , tomorrow , future .
I look at my watch , and see that is a new day .
how much can I do by the examination ?
I sang the birthday , we went and had lunch I bought a cake and played shuffleboard , drank beer and then went to dance , my mom gave me a beautiful gold ring he had engraved my name and the date of my birthday , when we left the cake took many pictures we were very happy and we laugh about everything .
if you are curious about him . you can serach the moive unbeatable .
the biggest difference between them , I think , is whether blanks are used or not in a sentence .
of course , I never give up .
by the way do you know ninja do n't fight veruy much ?
he told the importance of spirit of " not giving up your dream . " actually , I do n't like these " never give up thinking " because those speakers tend to discard people who could n't achieve their dreams .
although now the purpose of the examination has deviation , we can take a revolution and adopt many different forms to text students .
I arrived silicon Valley !
consumers have been getting and eating horse meat thinkig of being beef ! ! !
one of our client has an audit .
but the main purpose of the trip is joining the concert of my favourite singer , so I was satisfied with enjoying the good music performances .
in the castle , we can experience real Harry Potter world .
I only get some small red envelops . but the total amount is more than one hundred yuan .
however , the pain suddenly gone .
at first glance , it looks like japanese people are peaceful , and there have never looted even after earthquakes .
but preparing in the earthquake is more important than worrying about earthquake , I think .
in my dream , I can fly when I get trouble or other super powers as faced with crisis .
i have a boyfriend in Japan .
I mean it bought me the feeling of reality .
what your father 's word means your future is closed .
I entirely annoyed .
as long as this idea exists in my mother , she will be fine .
I feel relax .
right now , I 'm visiting my parents ' place with my 2-months-old son .
the paste was one of the best things I 've bought ever .
please tell me the special memorize that happened to you when were traching ?
upon using this phrase , should I use " past perfect form " ?
I 'm sick of the coldness of winter .
for fun I write code for computers like Java , Python , and HTML5.
because I 'm hugry , I will go home .
it was created in 2015 to make easier teaching for teachers and learning for students .
but there are people who think differently .
plan to learn English .
I guess if i had fed my pet , i would have kept talking to Flavio .
the party seemed to have costed him a huge amount of money .
with his talent , he finished the american of independence in 1781.
Bob has wanted to be a bodyguard until he was fifteen .
this is one of the best ways that help me reduce stressed .
2-He studied well a last year .
the world without electric devices seems not to be uncomfortable from the author 's eyes .
however , when I read the news , I was afraid to take it because there were many potential risk on it .
we danced so much on typical Punjabi music and I got some compliment , too .
if I keep this way of cleaning everyday , eventually , whole my house will be tidy .
if there are any errore in this text , please correct them .
it was a talk with him since 7 months .
I 'm interensted in French person 's habits .
- sometimes it 's difficult to translate spanish into english .
this structure is novel , which increased my interesting in this series .
if you work part-time job , you ca n't make much time to study .
she forgot contacting to my friend and did n't tell us she wo n't be there ! !
one other thing , I would like you to consider .
today , I went to my part time job , outback steakhouse in Ikebukuro .
let 's make a story .
I want also work in elementary school because I like kids .
I 'm gonna die if I will forget it .
the other day , I noticed that my boss stays in lab till late .
as you might know , it is the one of world heritages in Japan .
I ca n't wait next lesson .
David had many hurdles in his life , but the book have the happy end .
but I hope every skater in Sochi are able to do their best .
I 'll hard study English !
for to learn English I watch often documentaries in English language : if I watch the news or talk show on tv I do n't understand , because people speak too fast , instead in documentaries people speak more slowly and so I understand a little .
both of them have humour , so I 'm looking forward this classes every week .
I like to eat potato and rice .
I would like to improve my English to use it at work and during my family travels .
we departed Seoul August , 24 , 2013 , Sat on night time and spend one special day for vacation .
I do n't want to lose anything any more .
in the morning I still had a headache so I took pain killer .
if you please help me with this .
the one is red miso , the other is white miso as far as I know .
having simple meaning in English is really nice .
so I need to manege a time manegament .
this proposal is intended to highlight the main reasons why is necessary to start a speaking programme in order to help foreign students to become more proficient in their oral skills , afterwards identifying what would be required and conclude by making some recommendations to make the speaking programme works properly .
I also have something I am not good at doing , but I do not want to think I cannot do .
there are a few common classic steps to do that , which as follow
come to think of it , it is hard to bulid a lot of snowmen for two children .
after these elections , there will be for the rest of the regions , and the general elections , at the end of the year .
yesterday I registered a uerer in " www .
when I visited my friend 's in Holand , he said " it 's very clean on the floor , I sweeped it , so you can take off your shoes ! "
thanks to his cureness I got much better .
A mysterious green eyed guy with black hair like cascades entered the room .
they think chinese people are excluding against them with that word .
I am living in Beijing now , obviously , the pollution is very serious here especially the haze .
however , all these accusations are myths or exaggerate facts .
there are many izakayas , a japanese style gastropub , in NY and the quality in general has been improving , which is good .
Third , Maizuru-jyo Castle is my favourite place .
we rode the bicycle to shopping .
12 April 1961
that is because originally , the site is edited by a japanese company , and most of the user are japanese .
or , when does your christmas holiday start I may also get some days off in December .
I will stay in Canada for seven month from the coming September ! !
I want to go to look because a basement and the roof of the office are very nice beacause you said .
probably , I 'll go to back Vancouver on January .
like traffic signal .
on Tuesday I already was acquaintance with a few people .
this is a young adult women .
Aleksandr Vasilyevich Kolchak was a participant of the russian polar expedition of 1900-1903 leded by arctic geologist Baron Eduard von toll .
I think it 's very good for my mind and body , but it 's too freezing to get up .
I 'm looking forward to see the snow .
but she was very boring .
luckily , a number of senior staff is going to lend me snow board during this Winter .
Shelley : yeah , I 'm totally agree with you .
but I did n't know how to deal whit that .
hi , I 'm Ray , a Lady who like good food , films and music .
I like leaning English , and have been learning for long time , but I ca n't make my English skills improve at all , I have always a lot of mistakes , besides I ca n't memorize new words .
my daughter suggested me to buy one set of sports attire so that we can jog on the weekend .
no , mam , before I have to do my homework
I am just know few grammers .
I already drove on the highway , I was so far from my home . . .
most of all I like travelling and reading books .
I am a artist .
whether they have jobs or rich or not .
yesterday I cooked currey rice and ate a half of them .
we have japanese tea , and easy to buy bottles of it .
when I was a junior high school student , I learned how to write English alphabets in cursive style .
the room held no sign at all that I left for threes years .
because many academic or technical books written in English .
I have n't decided yet where to go while staying .
I think that a moving is hard .
now i very sad , because i 'm very hunger
last year , I kept in touch with one of my friends through Facebook while she was studying in America for 1 year .
we 'd go in my car and we would know different places .
almost koreans love it and order chicken often .
then , the conductor said , " it is only poor at a performance . "
I tremble to think it 's still at the beginning of winter season .
I do n't know it is early or late .
suddenly a lot of young people began to arrive asking for Juan , most of them was devastated and with a clear signal of sadness and worry in their faces .
when i was looking around 2 floor at city hall , i saw an old man who hesitate to enter the office .
lang-8 is very nice SNS ! !
I like to listening the music and travelling .
eating , sleeping , breath are very important in your life .
A : I sometimes come across someone strange in front of my house .
my favourite place , " Haast " is full of short trails where can go to beautiful waterfalls and Rivers just 5 minutes walk .
sometimes I will watch tv series with her .
I ate pound cake blueberry .
I went to grandmother 's home to eat dinner with my family .
today my doter cooked dinner .
I wish I could wipe him out in my life . "
because there are both advantages and disadvantages with playing computer games .
he plays a harmonica with friend .
when I was still university student , I went to some countries .
these are very small , but very dericious and sugar cnntent is so high .
it fits various vegetables and meats , and most of japanese cuisines use it and create particular japanese taste .
director reveal single facts which makes a consistent composition .
I would like to recommend a hotel in Almeria when you can enjoy with your family or friends because it is plenty place .
this would include to convene a reunion to explain this matter developmend and discuss the security policy .
hi , everyone , I 'm an old member here , and have not been online long time , but now I 'm coming back .
I could spend valuable time with my familiy swimming in the sea , climbing the mountains , catching the fishes in the clear river and so on .
I used to prefer cats , but now I may prefer dogs .
I do n't want to return in Switzerland . . .
in my opinion , you should give it a chance , and moreover , do n't give up if you do n't like your first serie .
public places are places mix with different and lot of people .
what a best buy
I study English and italian , know ukrainian and russian .
I have 45 seconds for reply in each question .
my English very poor so I hope I can learn more and more in here .
I had many show experience .
Edmund wore turtle costume .
in addition , I believe that adding some law and discipline classes into school curriculum could be the solution to reduce juvenile crimes .
we , student , have the right to study what we like .
her cousin has not found yet since that day .
many businesses you can find it out on google but make sure their pick up depot is not far from the airport or city , this one I pick up from campervan hire Melbourne is great .
when I was in middle school , my family moved to Bangbae where is rich and educational region in Seoul .
but now , I feel like I ca n't enjoy it as I used to do .
I might use up all my luck .
while strolling through the park , I noticed that a lot of trees and plants were silting because of water shortage .
Ikatomi and the celestial maiden lived in peace , but she always thought she wanted to return to the own world of the heaven .
well , why you do n't take the rest of the day off
nowadays , to learn a foreign language is advantage for us in order to communicate foreigner , to get a job not only in Japan but also in all over the world .
what do you think about situation ?
when I bought the kimono , it had been second year since I started to work and I had lived alone .
its texture resembles japanese food " mochi " .
I 'll go to bed brush my teeth .
how many time did you mention to him ?
it helps me dealing with the harsh reality , doing something , walking , forget about my problems .
I imaged that it does n't have good battery when I got it .
my family moves to Guangzhou when I was 16 years old , because my parents ' work .
those are what I want to do this year .
but why are we so excited about those gossips and scandals .
normally they are put kimonos at their beauty salon .
the main reason of taking leave is that I want to spend time with my children .
thank you very much for reading my weired and long story .
I 'm not sure the probability to find an item which someone lost in Japan , but in my opinion , it might be higher than other countries .
I have to do something noisy to them before it will be too late . . .
they were a young couple who get pleasure through torture young ladies .
having the primary elections pretty soon in Iowa on the February 1st , and in other states in the months to follow .
but , I found a useful and free website providing a lot of song that I 've not learned yesterday so that I can continue to learn playing new songs .
join to me . . .
uric acid
but he used microwave and has burned sugar .
I still sick and keep going to study English .
for one and half year .
she 's been taking online lessons almost every day , but she 's looked to be busy for her homework these days .
because of summer vacation Manga Kissa is so crowded especially in the main stations in Tokyo .
after I check your order confirmation from head office , I will send to you .
I went to see a movie of the anime wanted comics it to be .
' one of my colleagues says and I totally agree .
they are more focusing on their new app HiNative instead .
other kids who far from us enjoyed diving from a cliff .
according to my sister , when the conflict of Russia and Ukrain just occurred that time , there were books about the two countries appeared in the bookstores right after a week .
that time was very meaningful to me but also I was feel bad to around the world .
I hope my son can like there .
I did n't really have the money , but I worked out a way to but it on credit .
I am waiting for calling my name at a hospital .
I am worried about Sagawa Kyubin .
my English skill in so bad and I want to improve it .
it was so exciting movie .
it 's difficult to find the encourage to go out with this weather but eventually you have to do it because if not you can end up staying alone at home all weekends .
I understand why I wale up at midnight recently .
one day , however , Pandora , forgetting the recommendations of Zeus , out of curiosity , decided to raise only a little the lid of the jar that had been given , to give just a look inside and see what it really contained .
I do n't eat necessarily three times a day , and am short of nutrition because I unusually eat instant food .
I have been watching the serie of neftlix : " abstract " and i think that it is really really inspiring for designers , art lovers or someone who is interested to learn about the real world of the art and design .
I underestimated the graduate school .
with thanks a lot .
about two or three weeks ago , I read on a newspaper that the last work of Sorrentino was nominated for the academy award for Best Foreing Langueges film .
and , I went to LUMINE .
therefore , the death penalty is not so effective penalty .
Aristoteles said once " Man is by nature a social animal , as society is something that precedes the individual . " however sociobiologists nowadays are contrary to that concept of human being .
normally they are divided to two opinions .
students are not allowed to attend it without the gown , so I 'm honestly relieved to realize that now .
I 've used to Tabi for long time .
I now and will continue to look for my love .
so I am pleasant .
Main election day is April 13 but that day I 'm going on a vacation to foreign country .
my name is Nastya , I " m from Russia .
hi i am a new English learner .
it , as a birthday gift , was bought buy my friend when I was 20 years old .
he majors in computer profession in Carnegie Mellon university .
she is wearing black clothes , is holding a black briefcase and also wearing black hills .
and I hope that you help me .
when I called the company to do it before , they asked me for much money .
firstly , we propose to add parallax effect to your main site .
in edition , taking that kind of risks you can try to start a new life by yourself and prove how many things you can get .
I am prepare for the English document .
this intership gave me possibilities to improve and use my English , which was on daily basis .
and i really love this site , after 2 hours registering here !
so last night , I reserved the train and a taxi at 5:40AM and set my alarm clock , which was the one function of my cellar phone indeed , at 5:00AM .
politics is something everybody speculate on , so never can be regarded as a field of science
for my opinion in Australia or in America better school and university than in Russia .
I like to stay in home .
I guess , you are not interesting me and my life , but maybe you are interesting China and living in this country .
IIt 's s getting so humid and hot in Japan .
thus , I decide to write how I feel about writing .
this will be possible thanks to the alert tab in which are located the NTT that are currently processing .
we are too impatient to judge things we are n't familiar , especially when it concern our families or friends .
help me plz~
it 's very important for me to know english .
they looked worried but for us the situation was funnier .
I 'm living in Austraria now .
my name is taiki .
we can met 1 day
what would you respond to her ?
my name is Santiago , I ' am a student from Uruguay and I ' am twenty one years old , now I study Serigraphy and english .
I want to be a valuable people to society and friends .
my sport favourite is volleyball .
the women who is in the video is one of the Chief executive candidates and the man is her assistant .
actually , I am that person - do n't follow any special diet but try to avoid certain things .
well , next month I would like to write more and more per day , if my time would give me a rest , but unfortunately I do n't belief in it , another words I 'm an pessimistic in that things .
he left 1 child and he was so young , he family is very depressed .
then I was surprised at the truth that it was the my USB device which probably was in my paint during washing .
collage or university is suitable for make that time .
it is a really good thing for children to learn English earlier than before .
so I start to study English at here .
I like fountain pen .
in a word , I like trying anything I did n't do before .
today I made my new blog .
my son is a pickey eater .
yesterday I have a very difficult day .
I look around me and try to find the alternate way .
it seems more difficult to decide whether working parent should send their children to daycare center .
the writings I write contain a lot of meaningful words .
sorry we do n't have the photo .
he looking forward to meet his friend .
he was always talking something while cutting my hair .
I conclusion I think that I will hang this picture at the wall in my bedroom .
I think it should be reduced to18.
I usually do experiments in my labo handling chemical reagents , amimal cells , colon bacillus and other materials .
Fethermore , I really want to interact with the native .
I will start it in November , so I have a time , but I have to decide by and by , I 'm not in time any more .
he volunteerly applied for a missionary expedition to the east Asia .
when I got a home , japanese boy send me text and he said I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry for been nuisance .
this show has more views than olympic games , even thought the olympics are still considered to be one of the mostly viewed event on tv just as the Elvis Presley show in 1969.
tomorrow , I will do a presentation for my on-going research project and accept inspection .
he told that I must immediately to do a surgery .
for example , they always uses common food meterials .
then I have to feel her feelings .
I love anyone .
I 'm trying to Lear how to skate , so i got to work with a skateboard , but i just skate for like 2 or 3 days , so it was a major failure and i fell a lot of times , luckily no one saw it loud
I do not know till when this custom continues , but I think that it will disappear sometime soon .
how can I use English in my diary life ?
I was so busy thinking about two things .
ich kontaktiere Sie wegen des gerippten Ahorn .
I move paper to a silver steel carefully .
it is delicious to cut and eat when eating sushi roll .
I am major in japanese , but I like to speak English best , every time i speak English I feel happy , and my dream is to treavel all around the would , I want to experience different culture and lives , i want to make many foreigner friends so that we can chat about our daily life , to know more about this world .
do you prefer to start to prepare the presentation before a month or start late when you have some ideas ?
I believe the most important thing is you can go in bikini
I always end up forget to write a diary .
the meals were generous and we couldn't finish them , so we brought them home .
they have been active at the forefront a long time .
if you do n't like travelling alone , I wantto say " just try !
I love Christian bale and american psycho is one of the favourite his film .
his native country Philippines is poor country , and he was born from farmer .
I knew that this song was a song of unrequited love from lyrical content .
unexpectedly , not so bad .
I had a bleed sample taken at the hospital today .
it was like an id photo about 20 years ago , but now , it have changed !
I went to bed at 11pm last night and slept right .
and , went to rabbit cafe , I went my home !
I post something , and if I do n't get many views or comments immedietely , I can just relax and wait until my friends get their time to check out my post .
I really love minions , the yellow characters that look a like beans .
Pokemon was put on the market all over world yesterday .
early in the morning my neighbour woke me .
since she was very little , she 's been quite good at mimicking others .
now I am in London .
hello , I am French and I want to learn to translate english in French .
it is said that it is one of good to learn English to watch a same DVD over 10 times in English and japanese switch it back and forth .
I have been living here for 1 month and have finally gotten used to a new life .
-My mother advise to have a look on the pressure cooker .
and my teachers know , what if I go to the USA , I return in September and they tell , that it 's not a problem , because I am a good and clever student .
my major is a mining engineer and my future job will exracting coal by open-cust mining .
sometimes i asked her ' are you tired , mom ?
I have to smoke and a coffee .
I have been taught English by a lot of japanese teacher .
well , I like read , listen music and sometimes I write
the first time i proposed this idea , i thought it would be the coolest , and we could make it good .
according to buddhism , he have to train becomes the Buddha .
lastly , Oxy company should be kicked out from Korea after making compensation to victims .
Sebastian , would you like to show X chanceller out now ?
isn`t it ?
one day I want to go to NY and experience NY 's culture .
I studying bookkeeping .
according to the whether forecast , typhoon has come from this Friday to this Sunday it was raining on Friday .
people celebrate for bumper harvest in past year in the harvest time .
I can understand each and every words written in English .
to achieve this government outgh to promote the transformation of the economic development .
in my opinion , advertisement in mass media does not show people real information about products .
without satisfying career , the life is meaningless .
personally , I would like to visit Pekin for discover the forbidden City , the summer Place , Temple of heaven and the Great Wall .
I should go to the pharmacy to buy bulb separately .
at first , I thought it was suck since the sponsors seemed not familiar with all the activities and not went so smoothly .
my favourite artists are Bruno Mars , ed sheeran and more .
that is to say first , people tend to follow that other people do .
some believed the supermarket 's keeper should not searth the girl , its illegel .
I do n't know why no one appreciate me , but I should not mind it .
it cannot be explained any more what kind of thing it is to understand things .
Althougt the government try they best to recover but the efficiency is not really high .
President trump will come to Japan today .
I feel many of the people are forgetting and paying less attention on this tragedy include myself .
sky . . .
this relationship can split by separating those process .
so I have looked product Hunt to kill time .
tomorrow , I will meet my friends from I was junior high school student .
I went to the NYC with my friends from Friday to sunday .
first , the oppositon maintain that animal testing is cruel and inhumane , however , they have some contradictions .
however , this is n't only our job .
on top of that , I conducted traffic volume survey .
I have special skechbook for my picture .
today is the tyipical bbq day , with friends and beers .
lately , I 've found myself squeezing into pants .
I did n't understand at all this sentence .
I 've never heard before the second one , but apparently it 's also correct .
my favourite food : shocalate with nuts , pizza and pasta .
only a few people comes in one day .
I think the reason of my first practice test 's terrible score was only my aged eyes .
I want to trip around the world . I have a two reasons .
we can see a huge disbalance between salaries in different professions .
I 'd like to show how happy i am to join this website .
but , I decided that I 'm going to work here until I get qualification .
my anxiety was increasing as they both were looking at me so relaxed , whereas I was like a lion in a cage .
in Japan , sadly , chess is not popular game , but japanese chess which is called " shogi " is predominant instead .
he sayed " this is so good ! ! " I was happy to hear that .
in you letter you asked me about family duties .
I looked forward that he will be mine .
I thouht he was trying to con me .
I bought a English learning book for TOEIC and just started reading it today .
by contrast , textbooks - which were checked and revised by authorities before published - are still much more reliable tools for teaching .
Jamaica , the mother country of reggae music , had been occupied for over 450 years by Spain and the UK .
so you guys help me plz .
I went to Chichibu city watching autumn leaves with my mother .
my first impression of the building is huge .
I 'm from China , and now I 'm in US
my friend plays rugby and he has more resistance than me , therefore I always go to the gym I 'm demotivated hahaha .
I am studying at mac to study English now after I left the temple .
could you advise me any ideas how to develop it ?
I can grow enormous interest in anything .
I and my husband went to outlet mall today .
now one of six children is grown up in a poverty .
I love the animals and i really enjoy have many friends from all around the world and if you want to learn some things in spanish i could help you and share our thoughts .
but I try to overcome my complex .
since I teach Yoga , I see many type of body shapes and think about body mechanics a lot .
I felt lonely , I got frustration and I mist my japanese friend .
it follows that I was not happy only but relieved .
for some people like me , is n't plain sailing choose a favourite song , because I think there are a favourite song for specifics situations , when you are sad , or happy , or in love , etc .
" I know the word bank so I did n't look up dictionary . "
we live everybody .
for example , Longmen Grottoes , White horse Temple , Sui and tang dynasties relics .
almost each game plays at the midnight in Beijing time .
today is the Third day .
I dream that we will not behave exclusively according to family 's and society 's expectations .
I study English and spanish and find friends here .
my husband and I went to Detroit to do primary inspections because we will take our friends to Detroit institute of arts next month .
happy new year to you !
through making best album , I looked back about my feeling which I choosed each songs and re-think about the way of life , the way of music .
the reason why I like that restaurant is not only because that place has a wonderful view of the Ocean and its yummy food , but also for the waiters there are so kind and friendly . . . . . . .
my interest is solutions of environmental problems , sustainable community , agriculture , fermentation related to composting and producing biogas .
I can help you out with vietnamese if you need to .
I and him talk about music .
I have to posting about story of a patient on facebook
he has to undertake the operation for both of eyes , but at different times .
the tiger was surprised because he did n't know what is a dried persimmon so he thought it is an animal which is more scare than him .
Picasso started the writing in 1935 , nevertheless when he was 54 years old which even not young age .
knowing culture like this that I do not know is really interesting and it makes me more think a lot .
I have never come there but i hope in the future i will travel to it at least on time .
I wantto find interesting books .
in contrast , the span of the japanese university is 4years , because its system is based on the american system .
but which movie do you recommend ?
but , suddenly , and against prognostic , the weather conditions changed and the boat started to be more and more unstable .
I firmly belief that the city council should be concerned about their youth and invest in some alternaive leisure activities for them such as sportive and cultural events .
for example , there is japanese class in japanese school .
he become as tall as me .
hi , I 'm Tommy , live in Tokyo .
for these reasons , computerized devices are on essential part of modern life .
so that you just need to pay RMB13998 for two event passes .
I wanted to buy black mp3 player .
first of all , thanks to internet devices , we can communicate with foreign company and people .
but it got stronger and at last , I could n't stand and went home earlier than usual .
I have been feeling depressed for couple of days .
today my parents and older sister took part in an marathon meet held by a neighboring city .
so I called her and ate dinner together .
it suddenly stopped operating the day before yesterday .
I think that , in spite of having to come to English , it has been a wonderful experience .
so , nice to meet you all , and thanks for your disponibility !
however he had never taught us the joy of learning in our childhood .
I have a lot of works today , so I 'm fed up it .
I want to up my pictures on my profile though , I do n't know how to about it .
he had only 13 ships made from steel named tuttle ship and got a win against 134 ships of Japan .
the third is to eat delicious Japanse foods .
my hobby is watching movies , favourite movie is star wars .
you eat a lot of delicious food and you get some nice gift .
i was woken up by my biological clock at 7 o ' clock in this morning .
Hope that i can help you with your chinese learning and receive your help with my learning at the same time in this wedsite .
I will be praying for quick recovering .
Yang people are the talk of the internet , they wash their hair without shampoo and rinse , it 's called " Yushan . "
was my service so good .
I have read about some of the requirements and it appears , like an discursive essay is pretty common writing form on it .
my favourite singer is TOHOSINKI .
loud I also skip the resting part because I do n't really have mustn't pain .
so I want to improve my English grade .
doing sightseeing on your own could be fantastic and instructive but if you are going with a partner you always going to speak in your own language .
thanks to them , I bring it anywhere safely .
she only sent me that , so I do n't what round her team is in now .
I want learn english to change experiences with other people in world without need a web translator for that , as now , a bit .
it opens mind and allows people to be more respectful with different ways of thinking .
oh , there is an evening party was hold at 7:30.
it 's very sweet and delicious food .
at first I watched the sun using telescopes which cost from hundreds to thousands dollars .
I hear from time to time something like : " I dream about . . . " but you know , they do n't say : " I dream about the wings " , " I dream to conquer the space " , I 've never heard " my dream is absence of a cancer " , " I dream about the time machine " . . .
I like sleeping and watching tv serials .
in march I have to sit for the final of languange 1 , and I will have to write a coherent composition of 300 words .
when I was a elementary school kid , teachers handed out school lunch menu to us , and I was looking forward school lunch that I would eat tomorrow .
these days i have been studying here everyday .
he was sitting comfortable on his armchair .
I went to work to South cafe .
next day I heard it was heat stroke .
I want to be of help to people who want learning Korea and share culture with many people .
some people say if they knew what they really wanted to do before going to colleges so they did not need to waste their money .
I was graduated in April . and I did n't get a job .
if you are too busy for studying and no time for working afterschool , please check these apps , you will find something nice .
of cause I can help you to learn japanese .
I am not looking forward to work , but I am looking forward to go to zoo .
today americans celebrate thanksgiving on the fourth Thursday of November eating turkey .
I travelled to Disney resort of Orland , US , last week .
I mean that I do not know how to communicate with her , how to talk with her , how to build a love 's connection with her .
by the way , my friends will be come to Canada middle of March .
I understand the feeling of the person who do n't like correct from non-native English speakers .
I have to strike a balance among work , study more , and family .
I save money and want to go to the United States ! !
even I have one friend in this city , and we do n't in touch now .
she live in other city , maybe we have 200 kilometre between us .
my boss can speak English , so I only hear the discussion .
is this situation happened because I always practice grammar and reading book ?
hmm , did the broad forecast predict it rain today ?
marijuana cannot be acceptable in Japan certainly .
generally , Han Fei 's book was used some stories to understand these contents easily .
today I subscribed to Grammarly premium account .
I have been trying to be a simple , sincere , smart , upright man .
why that sentence need with ?
although this , there are some disadvantages related to environment and health .
i like cats are my favourite pets .
I think Goolge taranslation is grammatically correct , even there may be some misunderstandings .
from the plane we could see huge mountains and when we land we could see them very close because the airport was right on a mountain .
first , I would like to enjoy to the max of my family because when I work i have n't a lot of time for them .
I 've been looking for job on some Website all the day . . .
it is " Ocean 's series . "
the first times I went with my parents , often for the New Eve .
I suggest to improve its new addition of making phone calls to ensure the same quality as in usual once but I definitely highly recommend downloading this new software application , because of its unique and easy way to communicate for everybody .
is that so ?
our college is awasome in every generation .
thousands years later , today , chinese gov built a new Great Wall in a new field .
nobody can buy the nice climate .
in Korea many people goes to their hometown around lunar new year day .
today was very cold .
if I go down a tree and walk ground , I will die by predators , or I exercise on the three and become too tired then fall down to ground .
but I just thought to myself , I need to stop pretending a optimistic girl anymore .
how can I link each of words in group 1 to each of words in group 2 using these prepositions to get some phrases correct ?
I 'm sorry I 'm not being in touch with you so long , because I 'm very busy .
once the kids foud out , the children tricked their parent into the nursery and locked them in , and waited for the projections of the lions to scarf them alive , which had become real since they tampered the room .
but still not the same , it is not .
I could n't see what his thinking is .
it is an amazing data the market share of iphone in Japan is just 70% , even in USA it 's share is 43% .
however , it is becoming change these days , that is , valentine 's day is becoming the day that women give chocolate not only to the men they love , but also to their female friends , especially among teenagers .
almost everyday it rains and sometime it is very hard .
she does n't get a chance to have lunch and she even do not go to the bathroom when she needs to .
then , what should we do ?
you see I had to leave quickly and I forgot to take out the trash .
could you tell me some advice ?
in a recent interview , Ryota says that since he is really picky about food he can eat only few things overseas .
I have n't seen you , lang8 users , for a long time .
Haha I do n't know how to describe it in many ways but I have ever felt it .
her mother was died and her father had married another woman who had two daughters .
you need to pass it out , it not should makes you down , if you get any disease , you loose because you not even care about you .
after one-week trip , I came back .
I take most of foods from a refrigerator and then I put them in order .
those people are selfish just like one of your friends .
my objection is to walk two or three times per week in this autom .
it was hard question .
that is to say , my accomplishment was done not only by my effort but also by unvisuable blessings of deities and many people 's support .
I gave my friend the creampuff , then I went to a music studio to practice the drums at 10pm to 11pm .
by the way , carp of this season is very strong and is positioned the top place in the central league !
because you are very beautiful ! "
it forgets the meaning of translation , which is cultural transmission .
people who are from a rich family or upper middle class can enjoy better educational sources and living environment , while the other once from lower class may worry about tuition and health care .
after I finished watched it , I thought guys also should experience the pains before they become a dad .
do you brushing your teeth every night ?
I enjoyed embroider today .
I 'm not specialist of it , so i do n't know how this phenomenon is improved
he told me that he has been a captain for 20 years when he was young .
I thought she has a very good sense of humour .
they use to go to the supermarket near by my house
he continued : oh , I see .
you will find a crowd of black and dark grey when you walk through streets in Japan in winter .
yesterday she come inside the living room and told us something .
I should use them before I lose them .
firstly , I would like to congratulate you for your praiseworthy work with young people , but concretely I would like to highlight the project has been made by your organization aimed at the youngsters in risk of social exclusion in my community .
he asked me some place to eat a lunch .
though it must have a lot of functions .
I 'm learning English in USA !
according to a news report , the temperature was over 30 degrees celsius in Hokkaido where is northern area in Japan .
hi ~~ !
I think life goes like this , we can choose to let the time pass by us or we can get along with the time being spent with us which requires us to be awake of time and space surrounding us .
I 'm learning English because I will study abroad to Australia from next August .
we managed to find over 10 clams that day and bringing back to the hotel to make climb soup .
Hope everybody will like them .
I find that there are some many people who would like to learn a second language like me .
many people know I have been studying psychology for over three years .
Three books were sent with a estrange note , she opened one and she saw that .
I compare myself with other people , not only friends , but also people I do n't know in detail , Facebook ' ' friends ' ' who share their stuff there and whose lives I do n't even care , but I end up thinking ' ' their lives are more interesting than mine . ' '
why do i have such thought because these days people are subtlety .
I can get holiday allowance .
I would adopt an empirical approach , which is own of cognitive neuroscience , but when you are investigating about complex issues , such as : interaction with the others , coordination or social actions ecc . . , you must query others disciplines like sociology , semiotics and philosophy , for two main reasons .
although the right to information act is administered in 2005 some water related information is not made public completely , and also it is not easy to access .
I have lived in my house twenty years .
I 'll wrote one more practice essay yesterday .
Tonday I had English spoken lesson and the topic is " do you like keeping pets ? " .
hi my friend ; i hope you 're well .
today , I bought musical Aladdin 's ticket .
we generally call the above mentioned second comer is " free rider " .
for instance , I upload photos in Facebook or Twitter and they can see me without be nearby .
compared with Japan , it in not so much humid but the sunshine here is strong .
as we want to keep on sharing this aim with the families , we have thought that it would be very useful if you could come to the class to talk to them about your interesting job at UN .
than , I 'll let you know how to make the citron tea .
internet provide many information , many friends and cultures but it also gives us much stresses .
then I tried draw that picture again today .
if I had best friend , I wolud happier .
japanese user can make a domestic land call for free in Japan .
I had listened to the song in a car while family driving .
the event that left an impression on me the most is " turtle talk " .
we spent 2 hours going her home and shoveled the snow and cleaned up the garage .
visit web-site below , you can see 50 places to visit before you die .
I want to keep working there if I get work visa it would be great but not sure I can keeping working . . .
I love cars from pixer movie , especially the character called Guido .
I 'm nonbeliever but I sometimes go to a shrine .
yes that 's right !
he tends to step in whenever dispute occurs .
easter is slowly ending and I spend each leisure time study English and prepare to college .
exacatly ! ! ! !
on this occasion , I feel my words disabled to lament this legend during his life and after his death , except from repeating some of his immortal , brilliant , and inspiring words .
so I guess reading would not be a hard thing for me , even though in different languages .
we become so obsessed finding a genuine human trait , that we have ended up killing them .
I from Kharkov and can speak russian and ukrainian
I usually go to work transferring three trains about for an hour .
japanese government says the income of this tax is used for the welfare of nations .
hello everyone~ my name is momo .
in December , get-together named the year-end-party is held .
in fact , they are fighting against the high level radiation and many bitter situations at the front of disaster area .
last year , a corn potage soup taste was sold .
I hope we can help each other to learh foreign lenguage .
note cards , notebooks , a textbook for japanese certificate test and packs of soybean milk .
thank you all and hope you will help me in my journey to learn to write better English .
so final , the little one could beat the big one .
things did n't go the way i expected .
I played with them and they seemed enjoying so I was happy .
I could feel that my body shape was getting better than yesterday .
after two month of begging parents to take him to the pool .
those guys likes to celebrate christmas in the summer .
what can I do to achieve my goal .
from the picture we can see there is no obvious axis line and traditional symmetric layout .
waiting for input so moving into pending state .
I suggest personality is completed with recognition and comparison from others but if they have school uniforms , it 's getting difficult to do that .
I will have finishe this project by this weekend .
I repaired my bicycle at cycle shop .
recently yet , psychologists have a more tolerant view of risk taker personalities .
yesterday , part time job was very busy .
we use Miso for everything just like western people use kechup for everything .
live in Shanghai , study in US , highschooler , swagger
we had bought a ball yesterday because I play it the day .
in Japan , a lot of people dream to become civil servant , because that job is good condition including stability , the seniority system and so on .
I believe that I will be able to speak English very well and professional about tourism .
I did n't agree this suggestion .
I have been thinking to get myself a drawing tablet .
I 'm moving other city in this year .
I want to begin study another foreighn language .
" Cotard syndrome is a mental disorder characterized by two symptoms : first , the patient believes that he is dead or he has lost his organs ; secondly , the patient stops doing normal things , such as eating and speaking . "
protestors have analyzed the change situation
I applied for a job in some companies , they still do n't reply .
what does this sentence mean in japanese .
before two days , I slept for ten hours in each days .
but I use hair dryer .
her soon became known like an outstanding actor .
as an ordinary rule , when you meet a traffic light , if its signal is orange , you still can go .
I playing ' ' Pokemon go ' ' , I do n't found a Pikacyu yet .
I was able to hear clearly sound of the train and railroad crossing .
but he was not good at speeching
I like boxing , cycling .
I had a very fun with loving friends and flamenco !
today is rainday but must go to school where on the hill . . . .
Holms is intelligent and really loves wired crimes .
I sure that I should write here frequently , but it is very difficult to write entry about something .
it is unwise to borrow money from a friend
while I was on the train scenery changed to normal , and I relief .
I want to walk around track and see a lot of flowers .
my recent favourite way to learn English .
seconds later , I saw the victim bleeding heavily and lay down on the floor and died . . .
last summer holiday , m family went to see a circus act .
I never felt fit in Italy in general , it 's like an do n't belong here anymore , probably because I always feel like a bit different from my parents , from italian ideas in general , but of course I still think than is a beautiful country just not the smartest one .
from late of last year to last month , I got tons of work to do in office .
I want to tell you about one of my hobby .
I 'm live in Russia .
we are spiritual beings having human experience .
I 've been trying to it , but it 's difficult as well !
you can easily find a new jobs in big city because of all companies and attractivity of these cities .
and then in the evening , I did leave my backpack on seabus !
I wish you to .
I woke up at 7:00 am , and I went to highschool .
there are lots of stars we can see in the sky because of fresh air .
my name is Hye-Won Hong . I 'm 16year old .
I bought it about four month ago , I had a purpose to keep logging my activities and my sleep time .
there are not enough food , clothes and residence .
this is title of my research field .
you told me so and you are always right .
in conclusion , foreign universities have a lot advantages and they are good universities to study .
the only problem is that I ' n not being coached I got retired after a few hour .
after finishing drawing event , I got a call from business planning department and I needed to back to office .
is this bags yours ?
studying it and to speak it fluently is my one of big purpose of this project .
they use gesticulation and students can learn them in quite a short time , using their voice and their bodies .
in summary , paying attention to famous people can helps us find the right way and make correct decisions ; moreover , it will gives us motivation to follow our dreams .
in all season , I love a glass of beer .
she likes korean culture , so I would like to introduce traditional korean village .
this is what egg roll looks like .
this weekend , I have n't any mba class , so I have enough time to stay with my family .
as native chinese I understand what chinese travelers and tour guides expect and need .
so I want to visit there .
for example , the 5th clause said about the jurisdiction getting equal treatment to commonalty .
the sun was shining and I could listen the birds singing and the butterflies even flying .
Okey for going to school first I start to walk along the second street , then I turn up to the park and I walk to the trees .
so I can continue to watch without stresses .
I come from vietnamese .
in the center of the bottom , engrossingly , the patron , Enrico Scrovegni donates his church to Three Marys , while he kneels in the mural .
English is difficult . please teach me . . .
it 's big and has long long nose .
this blog will be about everything controversial my mind will wander about : poems , music , ideas , ethics , also political controversies and many more .
by the way , I bought a book which introduce us current japanese culture in English today .
have you been ? ?
he told me finding a nother girl and eat together .
so please say you 'll be here
I saw on tv news .
I wish all your happy new year first .
when I got there , I found the book which I need on the shelf and took away it .
play guitar is fun !
Saturday October 1 , 2016
there might be the information about teachers and their qualification .
hello lang-8
recently , there is a lottery that you win an anime action figure , a stuffed toy and other thing in japanese convenience store .
a few drops of soy sauce
I hope I could have a great time with the customer next week .
students need a constructed curriculum .
all of authors have already approved these corrections .
it was the last day of the summer break of the school .
hi juck
in a week my husband go to America to participate in the academic meeting from today .
and now , my goal is more clear , want to work UN .
even if he usually say that he does n't like this kind of trouble or teach Mr.
I am a research assistant working in university in Hong Kong .
but I still have some remaining favourite members who currently working over there , there are Keith and Freddie haha .
I just see three different country fighting in Korea for there own benefits .
if the governments and people of these countries were not acceptive to cultural diversity , their fragile economies would shrink and many people would backslide into poverty again , thus causing more severe problems .
for me , the more fun I study English , the better I can speak .
I always bite by mosuitoes , and I do n't know what on earth am I so attractive for them .
Ioften have some drink with my friens and go to the club playring reggae music .
your countries have the class , too ?
what your university system is like in your countries ?
also I often get angry but I always endure without a choice .
it was stolen by someone , when I was playing boring game with my friends .
I live in Saitama Japan .
I 'd like to thank my teachers or people who corrected my English in this site .
Chelsea 's players of forward are very strong .
hi , first time to use this service .
I was looking for a tie based white color .
I 'm an architect and I love architecture news , reading and cooking libyan food .
today , I could n't progress my tasks . . .
but nowadays the things happened already , and we have to learn from the past to avoid making the same mistakes again , and we have to stop that wheel of pain by giving them the rights that any country deserve over their lands , and some support for the country to become a comfortable place for their citizens .
I hope it is a good beginning of to make a difference .
despite it is said that the police is good there , pickpocketing are widespread particularly in Pamble .
then , it can really move as you think in your heart .
both the above sentences are correct , but their meanings are different .
if this situation keep doing my country may be sinking .
because I like to being clean .
what did I for me on today ?
I studied languages to travel all over the world and not for stay behind a desk !
I may have more that I use line than Twitter .
I managed to sleep few hours last night .
maybe having a university graduation certificate is not that important but doing what they like is the most important thing .
today I heard by his relatives that he had a blood vessel plugged , but he have had a surgery that was successful .
sales should be booked gross amount .
let me introduce to you about myself .
first , I have no idea what should do .
this year I have chosen Aguilas and Im here with my parents .
the server is able to record all tv programs of six channels during two weeks .
at least it bought me time to write this post .
when you 're bad , you better listen music that you want .
for example , doctors , nurses and teachers who are closely connected with everyday life should be evaluated higher than now .
now we were both married and have own children .
I llove a lot of bands like Nirvana , Coldplay , RHCP , MCR and so on .
fortunately the rest-stop was before the jam , I was relieved from the incident even though it took 1 hour to get out of the jam .
I very excited to go to Germany and meet you and your husband .
we call it ra-men .
it reminded me of a passage from a sf book written by Ursula K Le Guin .
he nodded and went to get banana .
I was despair , but I wanted to survive until I find a boat or a plane around here .
today , I was making the slide all day .
I am living in the Zhengzhou Henan and my favourite habit is palying ping-pang .
there 're four seasons in Japan , so we often talk about which season is the best but actually , I barely have my favourite seasons .
however , one day I and my friends went to his house .
today I went to alternative school .
but it looks like very difficult to improve situation .
in my opinion , stronger discipline always beneficial at schools .
must I read a lot of English books ?
I had chocolate ice cream a lot but I did n't feel get better
I live in Ukraine which is the most wonderful place in the world .
when I was a university student , I belonged to a snowboarding club at a university and there 're other members who love snowboarding more than me .
though science technology have developed so much today , I ca n't help saying that there are many pieces of information which is n't based on scientific evidence in newspapers and tv progra Ms.
seven eleven is one of the famous convinience store in Japan .
all employees who have birthday in this month joint to the party .
I 'll also talk with my family how to contact on a serious earthquake when we wo n't be able to use phones , again .
I like eat pizza .
I like eat puffs and I very like read the book .
I like you but you do n't like me . . .
I got up early and practicing guitar now .
it 'd be good for people learning japanese , but conversely it 'd be not exactly good for japanese learning other languages .
my kitchen 's faucet was leaking for a 1 week .
but honestly I have the faintest idea about it , all thing I knew about it was a system that intercepts missiles launching from China while targeting the US .
to start with I like to write that read this great book was a good choose .
it 's one of problems that lead to high unemployment ratio and low income .
the two center are very close and are both the nucleus of London .
today morning , on the way to the office , I feel so happy because of sunny day .
" if you lose yout money , you will lose your small part of your life .
I 'm looking forward to meeting new friwnds here , and feel free to say hello or send a message whether you have any questions in japanese or not .
for example , when I checked a company that is in real estate industry , I found that they have a public welfare team named " WeLovePets " , they often hold activities like visiting the pet shelter , playing with dogs together and sending toys to pets .
HIRO : actually , my girlfriend take with her friend .
I have plan for today evening .
the neglect of these languages leads to serious problem that the part of culture created by minority languages may go extinct .
so in order to change my lifestyle I have to be active .
some of my friends are not vergin , but they slept with guys who have known to each other .
it 's been for long time because we were in winter vacation .
I am even waiting the day .
I could n't stand it any more .
I need to use English with my colleague because I 'm working with global software development team .
today , I met two foreigner near Kyoto station .
Im not sure how far she understood , so I translate into our language and check her understanding later .
I 'm amber , a college stdent in China .
I 'm very shy but with my friends I 'm talkative also i 'm kind and respectful with all people , i 'm intelligent and very responsible because my mom taught ; I 'm very strict with me because i like that my homework and activities are well .
my brother looked happy because he won tennis game .
I went to school . but most my classmates took a rest today .
I received an urgent email from our colleague in the USA which says our counterpart ask us to have a meeting on our project .
I love Friday cause I can be rest of 2 days .
I miss her so much that I did n't thinking about other things .
I had kind of anticipated that there might be some people from the audience to disappear after the famous " Hallelujah " , but the hall remained as filled with people as before .
but if I drop out the class today , my English leader will ask me the reason
I think I will write if little sentence everyday .
especially in the developed countries such as Japan , USA or European countries , people should have a vast knowledge to win in society .
except for taking responsibility for myself , I also should take responsibility for my family and my country or society .
because will be busy day .
the company selling it advertises that you can become to speak English just listening this material like background music .
I am studying English for entering college exams and my future .
therefore , I did n't know what to talk . . .
I uploaded some of other japanese Google logos above .
the young people in old days and recent young people are obviously in different situations , so the new story must have been made to fit recent young people .
the role of Shylock was played by Kabuki acter , Ennosuke Ichikawa .
I hope this is not because I listened " bad Day " in the morning . . . .
I want spend time to learn English or to do something variable .
for me , she is still reliable mother .
and why not add others projects as the one we made .
I had scared what take a English class because I did n't take it recently .
that later I stroll near the town .
but i like it . . . .
Tokyo metropolitan government determined to exterminate all of mosquitos living at Yoyogi park and most of the area was already closed at Yoyogi park .
I think it is a choice , because obese people may have a possibility to survive when we could n't get foods for a while .
because actually I do n't know how to study English by myself .
chat with someone with skype at least 1 hour a day .
I just wanted to avoid being in the crowd so I walked into the area in which many types of haircare products were selling .
I am going to move Minneapolis next week because of transfer .
but you are really handsome of what you have done .
the most elements to building modern world are China in origin .
this encourages me .
I 'm going to go to my hometown in hours to meet my family members .
I live in Osaka Japan and I am student .
now I am studying in Shanghai , which locates between Zhejiang and Jiangsu province , and major in medical oncology .
can you imagine , how serious the battles were .
I was late at 2 hours and during day practice in drawing .
the girls always talking about love story these days because it 's near the valentine 's Day .
still , I do n't understand it so much .
I knew he has desired my girlfriend for many years .
I enjoy travelling thus I left my foot prints on european and asian continents , I have been to Swizerland , Finland , Austria , Germany , Italy , France and some asian countries like Indonesia , Vietnam , Cambodia , Malaysia , Singapore and so on .
the drama is so funny and interesting because actors and actress are talking with using different kind of ways of expressing their feelings in order to make us laugh .
japanese government have to discuss about problem of declining birth rates very quickly .
today I went snowboarding with my friends .
however , there is the very stylish restaurant , it was not nondescript potsticker restaurant at all .
to hide my shy , I say and with a hint of half-confidence that I always look young as I have short hair .
of progress into thee student 's learning process
my name is Ahmed Gaber I 'm from Egypt I want to learn English and hope to help any one to learn arabic
in 1778 the continental congress sent a letter , Olive branch petition , which asked a peaceful solution , to King George iii because some delegates were loyalists .
at dinner party , many people came to congratulate their marriage .
the rain of this season grows garden plants , and grass as well .
recently , due to developments in transportation systems and cheaper travel cost , tourist industry has been expanding around the world over the last few decades .
I was boring .
it was very interesting story ,
if you want to try taking miso-soup , " instant miso-soup " is available .
today , I go to Reizen park .
I have a lot of favourite foods : 3 i love sushi from Japan , bubur jagung from Indonesia , and i really love potato .
I decided study hard tomorrow again .
after all , the glass is always greener on the other side .
so I always blow on it before eating .
but I was surprised how it much costs .
in Kyoto , there are many shinto shrines and temples , and you can also experience traditional culture at first hand , so you may take a interest that other countries do n't have .
because I am not the local student and my hometown is far away from here , sometimes I feel homesick .
even though I borned today 's date , but I have to appreciate to grow me up .
thirdly , we can know what is important thing for the society .
we talked too much on the internet and in their early of September he decided to travel to da Nang to see me .
when I move my focus on my working desk , there 's another chaos .
It`s again me Diana .
you should eat it .
I do n't what the chinese people doing .
in this day , little children will get toghter to cook rice and eggs .
because my parents divorced , I move out to apartment with my mother and older sister .
but internet is a place to learn , to discuss question on the specific area .
I classify tweets to providers of informations and conversations .
but i 'm in school and study now . . . . .
this was the one of my culture shocks I 've ever experienced in a foreign country .
this problem is sparked a heated debate .
my hobbies are manga , amine , watching movie and listening to music .
so we would n't be able to part in the match .
nowadays having a mobile phone is a sort of necessity .
I told them for the first time today .
one of the messages was from the honey eyed boy with the six pack .
I have been tied up with working , studying for final exam and hanging out with friends .
I still appreciate your comment though .
I do n't like lcd .
recently more and more people are begging to consider saving their environment .
I signed out the key from a security guard .
because this unreasonable thing comes from the government and on he government can change it .
thinking about the future makes me both pleasant and worried .
something happened , then we can know which cause is .
also , I 'm going to write fancy Japanese greeting card .
- Japan 's land area is very smaller than that of America .
I heard that a sincere student said that he hoped to asian countries to make an union like EU , and other student said that the best way for piece is that all countries in the world join one union .
in that moment when she kissed the frog it became a beautiful prince .
i love to exchange languages with all over the world people , also i like the movie that comes from other countries .
is there more proper way to say that ?
I chose blueberry amount them because it reminded me that my grandfather has preferred it for a long time .
while the joy comes from Shakespeare 's plays , more like a cup of tea , need to taste slowly and patiently to feel their charm with time pass by .
I 've been longing to get out of this countryside and go to city a bit after the fair . . .
I 'm new here
the most impressive scene I felt is scene of saluting each other .
when you know to live without you worry what they think of your clothes , your colour hair , your family , friends . . .
which is the common ?
live in Taiwan , studying art , so that I must to improve my English .
but we want to watch movies anytime with any friend or family by good price .
I am always afraid of communication with foreigners in their 's native language , even I am studying japanese , but I still ca n't open my mouth to talk , and afraid of studying avoid in Japan along for one year .
you may also pay notice to yu Todoroki , who is an male-playing actress on stage and a commissioner in Takarazuka revue company .
SMAP is very popular idol group in Japan .
I want to improve my English skills so I will more learning English .
I 've started as a part-timer but as I 've grovn familiar witch the restaurant I 'm now working there full-time .
people who had wished it were greatly delighted by this news .
Old woman smiled , I was not still answer .
I did n't check well , and choose the English one .
I do n't believe astrology , horoscope , prognosticators nor fortune-tellers .
getting back to talk about " Castle in the sky " , when it 's broadcasted on tv , a funny event happens in Japan .
the material of the sea bed
- those who deny the existence of a problema instead of trying to solve it are unhappy as well .
but no one take care of her .
when we finish the exam and the papers corrected entirely , our teachers would pubulish the report card to the whole class .
during left vacation , I want to be more dilligent and spend my time doing something meaningful .
today , there was prrety big earthquake in our country : Japan .
I tougth about it and I decided to talk about it with a partner and we 've decided telling to the students that 5 questions were wrong , but our chief have told us that we cant ' t do it .
what japanese people take care when we use kanji is , of course , not to make a mistake .
so I am tired too much
I think this is because the green house effect is spreading all over the world .
I thought it is interesting that the film also contains the element of caper story and some comical scenes are a bit out of place .
it 's kind of a hassle to fasten all buttons on my shirt .
it made me feel bad from morning .
some of them have options which you have to choose the answers or something and the story will change by your choice .
I 'm student in business school .
what 's the difference between " renewable energy " and " sustainable enery " ?
in this film , she is a robot from future to prevent Skynet - a machine has intelligence as human .
i like my teachers and classmates , they are friendly and interested~
time field because we had a good time .
in our fast-paced lifes we want to be perfect , and what 's even more important , to look perfect .
hi I 'm Edwin and I live in Dallas Tx .
today is the last day in school .
once there , I checked out the stuff in sale : computers , Ipods and other technological devices .
have twitter heavy users developed their writing skill ?
I do n't know weather I can do that , but I will never give up .
they took the sea and the shopping with me .
one of my list to do is learn speak english .
I started painting the dirty walls in clear white color with a paint brush .
but it really made me felt free and happy .
but I realized that it was meaning for me to think about it .
she want to become a happy student
we make it a habit to get together and go Cy cling on holidays .
epidemiology is a branch of medicial science dealing with the transmission and control of disease .
she was asked her grade from her classmate .
I encourage you to listen to this enigmatic and fabolous rhythm .
unlike Shanghai where high-rise buildings are the main source of sightseeings , Nanjing was once the capital of 6 dynasties in China 's history , so it is a city full of historical sites .
in every morning i went to dc garden for morning walk .
Haneda airport is annually super crowded at the end of year .
English is difficult as I expected .
according to the weather forecast , ,
after saying goodbye to them , I did internet search about their church .
I know there were close , but not that close .
in addition to providing food and raw material , agriculture also provides employment opportunities to every large percentage of population .
welcome party at our office place
then he was alone in a room he grabbed one and ate .
in a real living situation , meeting with English native speakers is nearly impossible in South Korea .
besides these , I was able to join the choir worship in October that was held to commemorate the 500th anniversary since Luther 's reformation .
Joao took nice care of Dindim , cleaned the fossil oil carefully for a week .
it is difficult to write diary but I 'll try .
arriving in a city wherte you do n't know the language , the culture and the different way of life of this country .
I hope that the result will pass and I will happy .
I ve not travel in the country yet because i was in training for my future position in finance , accountability .
in conclusion , if I get upset with someone who I care I will feel bad because I do n't like to feel like that , and I will want figure it out as soon as possible .
beacause level english myself very . . . . . . . . . . . .
my manager is same , but all of the people who above my manager have been replaced .
hi everyone my name is Simone , i 'm italian and this is my first text in english .
this second technic is very useful for 3D designs .
the rooms have been almost sold out . and it is three months earlier before my schedule date .
but when you eat three times a day , there is no time for stomach to have a rest .
he think only about next move , about present .
recently , the temperature is raising and it is being comfortable for me .
if you never heard of it before I hope you liked this post or found it interesting , at least .
why should I do ?
without their music such movies as " requiem to the dream " or " Amores Peros " wo n't be so spectacular , wo n't influence and admire you that much .
here is the website on Kinckstarter I mentioned above .
if you are a driver , tell me any knack , please .
because I am really satisfied in China 's life .
I 'm going to go to English language school in London from this winter .
so I had to work up early .
there is a opinion that they should start it from elementary school .
I 'm looking forward to get to know someone who can check my sentence very much !
so sad about it .
in fact , I like walking under the rain .
it is a village surrounded by a wall from 13th century , it is like travel to the past , although you know you still are in the 21th century .
she just like making bracelets and put the bracelets pictures she made on her blog to
and snow fell yesterday . . .
A sentene of japanese is difficult despite of a native language . . .
- I suppose timekeeping , punctuality is very important if I 'm in business .
I received an impression this one is a very negative word .
Koccukuri-san is a ghost of fox .
two days ago , I took part in piano recital from 5:00 p.m. before playing the piano in front of big audience , I felt nervous .
it was so calm and good holiday .
when I eat ice cream my teeth doesn't hurt and i feel so good hahaha .
I I was apply for work a private school today .
nowadays , there has been debate over the women should join army like men .
this year , I want to keep cailmness all the time during working and private time .
besides , mistakes they made are also different .
though I want to started it , the English academy is what makes me nervous and scares me .
we tried a lot of practice activities helped them , but it was very difficult to make the pronuncation perfect .
many japanese , especially youngsters tend to use many slangs in daily lives , and it means they do n't think complete sentences , so when they try to speak English , they tend to translate their slangs into English , but it 's hard to do so .
last week , I finished studying entrance exam .
I once took a lot of time to learn english when I was in middle school although I hate it .
wondering how could people let go with their pass , since it was an experience , same as you had been burnt by fire , and then you will never want to stand close by a fire .
we are no entry in campus .
I am becoming to addict writing a diary and receiving corrections .
we are different people and we see things different , so we do n't understand each other .
today , i am so nervous , because my girlfriend visit to me in a few minutes .
yesterday , I went to a university for English test .
I wanted to see old japanese tv dramas , so I went to DVD rental shop near my house .
I check history of my accont from last half year and what I find ?
in the books , " going to " is appeared many times .
because I want to work at oversea someday .
their marriage is very pleasant event for me .
and tried to pass toll-gate ,
we can meet there native indians , who are still live in group , and they are also hunt animals .
people all over Japan coming Shizuoka because they want the see this scenery .
I was n't feeling well 2 days before that day .
thought that it was punishment form the mermaid .
I 'm Tomoya , live in Tokyo .
although this is seven days long , shorter than when I 'm a student but I think that it is not important .
always I am looking for new activities to do as workshop , extracurricular activities or places to go .
and I 'd like to talk about the different culture with you .
I am a student of Dnipropetrovsk conservatory Glinky .
I have studied english since i was little , but i 've got to say that it was just some kind of obligation , something that i have to do because of school .
I went to sea with my friends by friend 's car .
King crimson came to Japan December last year .
I watched Pro-Wrestling in live at a park that close to my apartment last night .
but today was very good day .
so my colleagues , of course include me , all have no mood to work any more .
I get tired when the day coming to its end and fall asleep as soon as I get to bed .
they have said already several times , that people who are playing shooting games are potential people that could running amok .
today , I was working all day so I 'm little tired .
the world is getting more more borderless with explosive prevalence of the internet , and those who are good at English have an advantage certainly .
another reason I like it so much is that I can feel atmosphere of the nature even in the city I live in .
I go to the bed soon ! loud
whatever you can do anything now .
I almost go to a fitness club during lunch break .
this town is remarkable because many inhabitants still speak catalan .
the tourism also appears like developed in this countries and is a major focus of the local economy .
otherwise we will lose more and more stunning beautiful places and leave nothing but a wasteland to our descendant .
I said " yes , it would very cute !
because of fine dust I could n't open windows .
whatever , it 's very glad to know you guys .
I do n't know what can I do though .
however I ate every salmon sushi and sashimi with suju that is a korean alcohol .
he slept at his girlfriend 's house that night and the next morning bought a plane tiquet and field to Paris .
let 's begin write a recipe .
from them , Ruby finds a clue on how to finding East River .
nevertheless , they cannot achieve their potential goals when they do n't have enough mentors or advisers of study .
most of people like this so much .
elementary school students in Osaka visit Hirosim their school trip to learn peace .
in this year , I will work hard on those 2 languages , and I want to break through the beginner level .
I was shocked that doctor said me " you ca n't heal the spot by yourself .
I like travelling by car , taking pictures of landscapes and people , playing guitar and balalaika .
I 'll go to bed soon even though it 's around 6:30pm .
I also attracted to learn them as tools to communicate .
all day I was sick with fever .
I love painting and also I love singing much .
I cannot live without books , the internet , and practically making myself feel like crap at least once a day .
I worked moving company 6 years ago .
the next day we first went to iron Bridge which is one of world heritages .
I hit a slump now .
my want to get a job that I love as my long-term goal .
I had just needed of a bit of comphrension , something that could warm up my sorrowed heart .
that is mean national liberation Day of Korea .
my chinese friend recommend me this food .
they make the people 's lives and works become more convenient .
so learning japanese is burden to me .
I 'm looking forward to a school marathon race my daughter takes part in .
however , your volley was not good condition .
but first , i must try to best to have a good grade , and to be a students of medical university or NUS ^^
they can be tamed a little , but do n't remember owner 's personality .
yesterday , I made a short writing about a local hero during my English class .
so it takes a long time to write an English composition . . . .
last month , I went to the " cup noodles museum " in Japan with my friend .
I will not meet her lonely .
and why do you think so .
it was very shocked .
you have right to decide who you would like to teach , but just do n't waste their time to wait .
it is this site to have found in such a case
I thought I have to cook for lunch , but I did n't have enough time to cook one .
do you play word chain game once more ?
hundreds of people had gathered on the docks to catch a glimpse to the titanic beauty .
I can speak English a little .
shall it do sufficient ?
it is important to realize this thoughts wo n't give any results , its have n't any sense , you need to refuse them and relax .
I 'm student in Kyoto , Japan .
provide : this company will supply food and equipment tothe explorers ,
tonight we went to the cinema , film was not interesting .
on the other hand , I 've not done like these yet .
though I did n't know much about ho Chi Minh before coming Vietnam , I thought he is great person who had contributed to the Vietnam independence .
I am tired very much from morning .
they can find with the same hobby pupil and search the information they need online .
I has been being a house-wife for 2 years .
in many cases , christmas day seems to be the excuse that parents buy a present for their children or the chance to make a temporal lover for young people .
looking your English skills ? " yeah , she so funny .
if I was given somethings by someone , I can say " Sumimasen " as " thank you . "
my uncle taught me it was GASANI .
many people do n't have umbrellas in foreign country , do you know why ?
I could what she said ,
I hope it will come ture .
I have learning English for a few months and i have no idea about some things .
HNY the first sunrise at ferry building really moved me n even made me almost cry .
however , I found the way to use Pandora in Japan .
someone may say that women 's value get to be evaluated by only their 's beauty , but I do n't think it is true .
I also can take care of them because I used to take care for some children so I have experience to care of a baby .
many people recommend popular ways of counting sheep or listening to the light music .
the giraffe runs like the wind , has strong body and is a little self-esteemed .
forget the daily work , it 's also good to play with friends occasionally .
he 's wife is cute and good person , I opened up to her quickly .
I eat often sushi !
Umesh was nice .
you can sing a song in that or you can sing a song with your friendes even you are not stay together .
there are many new fiction posts that are written by website members per day .
this expresses exactly the japanese character , being humble .
the instrument biggest and majestic was the organ .
I still remember the time when my pearents gave me some books for my birthday and christmas present .
okay , that 's all i want to talk about to you all .
in Korea , elderly usually have a dog for their pet , not a cat .
she never go out because she is a slow , very elegant creature .
I hope taking part in the exhibition will make my job go well .
I 'd thought the test will be difficult for me because the past exam was so hard for me especially mathematics and japanese .
do you have any trick or advises to learn its uses ?
" I would rather send a card to say new year 's greeting than send an e-mail although it 's very analog way . "
I really need to be a regular employee because I want to work under attractive benefit package .
but my friend gave me brought sweet potatoes and another vegetables .
it is really hard for me to do presentation in a foreign language .
after some minutes left I had to leave home to go to work so I saw Natalie out and thanked her for visiting me .
Hope to reduce the public debt depressing consumption is like trying to reduce your debts by working less .
I 'm wandering if I should take TOEIC .
I felt sympasy as they have japanese name because the director of this movie loves Japan .
jeje my skype is : Harrinson .
also , I would like know , what is the course price ?
I will write diary everyday as soon as possible .
this is I
oh it 's the beginning of my day
the children 's playing in rainy day
he is a guitalist .
well , I also write something about everyday trifle .
so , I came to Starbucks and searching to English study site .
last time , it was a mid of September when we five people travel to Vhutan .
the winter season was ended in Hokkaido , but it 's cold in the morning .
on the other hand , to my surprised , it was democracy that caused the holocaust .
I really want to work in sports industry when I graduate from university , but I have to think what I want to do there .
A very handsome japanese actor said in a tv show " I do n't know any pickup lines because girls hit on me anytime .
I want not to use what i 've learned .
I Skyped with my australian friend after for a while .
I want a car because I think in America expect big cities if I do n't have a car , I wo n't go out in downtown .
would not you rather face ?
but she likes something salty . so I was looking for something good for her .
I am a student from mysterious country between Russia and Poland-The republic of Belarus .
but I think we can be happy with our money if we spend it in a right way .
as a politician , he had been demoted for several times because of political struggles .
actually whenever I thought to visit this site , my mind said do n't to waste the time on internet instead of studying for bank exam .
today I gonna ask a question .
why I did jump rope ?
visible : it was very visible that my friend vas very sad .
that results in enormous city trashes .
for the narrater perspective , all of Indian people in her story are brave and
generally on the subject we learned basic and advanced technician how use OOP and different language object-oriented programming , including : Java and C++ .
in Janan , we made in particular way only for iced coffee .
and japanese tend to bow many times , but I do n't so much like this tendency .
this class is try to tell students what is right , what is wrong .
I akready wrote an entry on this topic , which have n't received a correction yet .
make me feel encourage and I really appreciate these sentences .
A lot of thoughts in my mind , through the day I do n't have trouble with this , but I feel like my brain waits until I go to sleep to let all these thoughts out , and they visit me .
potato must do so , but potato knew how to transform himself into potato again .
when she smile , her eyes look like Crescent moon , which make me happy^^
fruits and vegetables tastier and healthier than burger .
firstly I wanted to try it when I saw some blogs about eating cobra .
I often have a lot of stress because of complains from our customers , troubles between some departments in the office , troubles between coworkers and so on .
I am warrying about Project A .
I 'm a student of Ritsumeikan university in Japan .
it was good and seculity was good too .
Kyoto has some foriners who comes to sighseeing in Kyoto city .
until this early morning , weather forcasters said that today would be rain , so I could n't decide whether wash and dry my clothes in my house or outside .
particularly , I was looking for a story about restarting life by moving to a new country . . .
because I 'm playing the game every time I can get a DORAGON ball .
there are much more spaces in a house .
fortunately I feel no pain and the fragment I 've lost is pretty small to notice , but it is kind of scary to have a broken tooth .
especially I like toy story .
I like study english very much , I admire somebody who can speak english fluenly .
but he said bc of asian countries is more like a collective society people used to live together and help each other .
grammar is hatefull . . .
if I had a wireless earphone , I could enjoy listening music via an ipod while I fix my family 's meal .
hello my name is Sukentyas and you can call me with my nickname is IKEN .
it is chilling that some kind-heart souls are derided by people for their kindness .
and I want to improve my knowledge of English .
in the future , I wantto stay in a big city and raise children with good education circumstance .
I want to go to the trip !
graph A means the price of property of 6 cities and Tokyo .
so , how to communicate with other people who does not speak a language in common ?
I wish it will be better than I expected .
I will talk about this in another post someday .
she meets a bounty hunter , Fallis and their soul are swap .
I will do everything what you want .
A good relationship between teacher and student in the classroom
at the time of the bomb is made of Nitroglycerin .
I ca n't take my eyes off this news for a while .
I have to practice more hardly !
I cannot say the detail of my job due to the rule of company .
it helps employees to be aware of their strengths and weakness as well as measure performance so that it become more effective .
is a phrase " yellow peril " a discriminatory one ?
i 'd love to talk to new people . . help them , and i need to be fluent in English .
I planned to study there and get a master degree in the next two years .
I ca n't say that i do n't like Naoko , however i ca n't understand her or i do n't want it .
and I decided " I definitely to see the fireworks with my partner next year ! "
first of all , how could a never-sleeping life be possible ?
it is lines spoken by its characters that attract readers to manga .
for me it really hard to write .
I 'd like to itroduce " Bengoshi no Kuzu " which is japanese Manga .
so I 'll do my bet to practice the song .
capitalist society take over my life .
I feel nevers .
I love STARBUCKS .
I prefer to make cards for people , who are very close and significant to me , by myself , rathen than to buy them , because cards from shops seems too dull and impersonal to me .
they will be glad with it and I am happy , too .
if I enter the university , just I have to thinking how to studying and do my best to studying .
next day , I had an appointment with friend , so I went for Takaida station .
moreover learning is very funny for me because I can improve my comunicational skills .
" the success is not measured by the money you earn , but by the children not being in poverty , entrepreneurs achieving success , college students not dropping out , and everyone able to support his family . " she said .
I went to christmas Market with my friends yesterday .
I no more think that " tea spot " is a nice naming .
I am from Russia , city of Vladivostok .
I have a deficient common sense , especially history and geography .
such as I need a lot program tools that spend a lot performance to help me to programming .
I want my customer to love U .
I live in Gansu province , and I am creazy at Hot-Pot .
I am not ok recently , cause I do n't know who I am , I do n't know what to do and what I can do .
I like movie , music - all kind of music include classical music - as you like .
in this story , he bring a dog , monkey , and pheasant , as a servants .
in 2005 I became petrol station manager .
after all , ' ' Rome was not built in a day , ' ' is n't is ?
for this reason , regime of Mohammed Morsi was anti-democracy .
yesterday , a guest to know well said to me , " do you know the car parked in the yard ?
- she accuses yourself for what she did .
sometime need to go outside of my small interest .
it is lighter , thiner and faster than old iPad .
they are usually send to aquariums .
if I made any mistake , correct please .
I always try to be careful with my words and actions , when I communicate or play with little children , because I want that they have a positive impact on their world view even though they seem to be too young to understand this .
she often help me anythings , example homework , housework , . . . .
if you focus on positive thought that you want rather than negative thought that you do n't want , then the power would be getting bigger .
I did n't like these detective stories until I read the story named the Boscombe Valley mystery , it took me more than 3 months to find out the book Sherlock Holmes is so amazing and fatastic .
negative aspects are the environmental pollution , animal cruelty .
from that day on , I clean up my balcony only on a rainy day .
when I went to school I had never done listening or writing , and if I had to do grammar exercise , I would do on sufferance , I never paid attention
what should I do that I will be able to speak English .
my mother is intelligent and very hard-working , she is creative and responsible .
so , there ware not originally exist in English .
I am from Moldova , and if you want to learn romanian or Rusian contact me , I will glad to help you .
hi , my name is Quentin , i am 23 years old , i like reading book , listening music and running .
my senior taught me how to greeting .
however , I do n't have to worry about it , because I can get spares at everywhere .
we were waiting the bus to go to the airport .
second meaning is to show a object to someone .
in Japan there are too many cicadas while the summer time .
I am student college now .
before , my computer had remained on the desk table of my room until I moved to the city of Pereira first , and after , to the city of Medellin where I live at the present and I always put it on the table which I study .
besides , he gave me an advice .
and I was said to do the procedure at Nagoya city office .
keep in mind to hurry up , this 's been a very long shift and tonight I 'm having dinner with a very pretty girl and if you make me get to the appointment late perhaps I 'm going to kill you , even though you 're one of my best friends ! "
there is no problem Wednesday to Monday .
so as to understand and analyze the luxury market marketing concept in China and Italy I would like to use the 4P components of the marketing mix which is the product , Place , Price and promotion .
who can tell me about how to remember english new words ?
however , what government trying to do is adding more contents of textbooks , making exams harder to enforce children study harder .
this is his first time job .
besides , how many american are we talking about ?
it was tough pose for me .
in this game , I saw some athletes were knocked down by only one punch in their joe .
you can do cosplay by being a character you love and show each other .
I think that 's why her performances are so attractive in all over the world .
it will very funny I think .
I want to watch the movie Godzilla but ca n't get the best seat .
you can also make a friends with other students .
I was welcomed by ex-colleagues whom I had worked with at five years ago at Narita Chiba pref .
I would love to make friends ~ the three countries .
" no , in my case it is no so simple , " - she said to me .
they have been stealing public money during decades and nobody was afraid of this because all of us had enough money to live in peace and enjoying our lifes .
I 'm worried that they will be too difficult for me and I will not handle them .
I think that by writing three or four topic every day , my grammar will be good as soon as possible .
and I want to talk with them friendly .
we said each other " it 's been ages ! " .
so , I really want to learn English , because it is nessessary for my future .
we may watch the meteor shower tonight .
years past , and I 'm already 25 years old now .
it was so nice .
Am I a economist ?
this episode is really funny for me as japanese .
I want to go travelling in the world . . .
for example , yesterday I made a quote for a client came from american , it ' was my first time to quote .
this is no better than previous English class .
it 's no good to sentences too long or too short .
we played bingo game and asked many question to the teacher with using English .
what kind of japanese ordinary dish do you like ?
however , in order to improve English writing , I want to write about a book I read recently .
I find in newspaper that yellow sand dust came in Japan .
after WHO reported that processed meats such as bacon , sausages and ham cause cancer , sales of sausage had down about 20% in japanese food company .
Seoul is the biggest city in the korean peninsula , but it ca n't show everything that alien needs to have a solid grasp about Korea .
they was everywhere ; bedroom , kitchen , garden . .
she is 67 years old who working at a church .
whatever to eat too much is not good for body .
this book are easy to read , and very interesting .
then , I really surprised about the sea urchin because its taste was really good and was completely different with I ate before .
in future I want to visit USA , England and Australia .
my wife will depart form Tokyo by herself .
there are some pachinko parlor in the neighborhood .
I could designate own seats .
we went to an uninhabited island by small boat and enjoyed snorkeling .
anyway , I believe that this situation would continue for more a decade .
do you know a miracle method that can go up my level ?
I went to ' Williams ' today which is coffee place that had some
I feel bad , so i punished her .
my student is in third year of his highschool , which means he is scheduled to take CSAT this November .
it was a enormous success .
after my lunch and about two hours ' rest , I was asked to help one of my friends ' English .
some of them , especially children , do n't keep the rules .
I just returned of my holidays with my family to Greece in Atenas .
I like draw and play computer games .
today is presidential election in Korea .
there are a lot of things to see there like another city in the world .
first , I always greet colleagues in the morning , but he does n't return greeting to me only .
finally , dTV has more movies than other services , and sometimes they also offer a time limited service such as " all star wars franchise " .
she plans to migrate other county to study music more .
after the big quake , many kinds of foods were disappeared even in Tokyo , but these days the situation is getting better .
- why is it dangerous kind of sport ?
now , she is beautiful woman .
she was having dinner and finished having it , she was about to stand up to pay for the money ! ! but , she could n't stand up by herself coz she is 83 years old ! ! !
in the end , everyone played the song until the end .
what kind of mistake I made in last year ?
he cut a painting from its frame with his knife in the midnight at art gallery .
here I want to express my sincierest gratitude to her .
I will eat out with my family and take a delicious food .
this week , i got a proposal for next year from my company .
I can imagine easily that under the pressure I could not answer the way I can at school . . . !
we also went to Vietnam war museum to know the war much better .
I go to Chile on November 1st .
in fact , l am a French teacher but English is more important than french for me .
my favourite holiday is New year day , it 's called Osyo-gatu in Japan .
but , I think it does not want to go to the place where a lot of English learners .
if it 's all ok , I will made IPA .
however I have to find another work .
although we practice hard , we cannot win them .
at that time , she talked us about a story which he had experienced in his dream and told her .
anyway , all I have to do is I solve the test again and again for myself .
it makes me feel really crazy when I watch those kinds of news .
this song name is ' rising hope ' by singing ' Lisa ' .
I do n't like preposition !
I read Harry Potter 's series 4 years ago .
when I got home , I fell a sleep very soon for 4 hours .
I had headache , stomach ache and had problem with speaking .
my arms are weak , backbones are in pain , and my mind is like an ugly jellyfish .
and I did it today 's menu .
full score of each item is 495.
when you write Omedetai , do n't forget the last " i " * .
I help everybody .
it would be so convenient to divide a hard task on a small easy peaces and to solve them one by one .
I was reading a book the name is " Tao te choosing " .
I had such a great host family and two nice kittys and a dog .
I read also " Little Plince . "
because I will try to very difficult test .
he continued to think the reason , forgetting who called him to this question .
he asked him to hired her .
my hobby is triathlon .
then , it causes crazy situation during hours when they commute by train .
hii , my name is ecem .
so I will to choose some good book to improve my English .
I was interested in difference of the two .
yesterday I went to Ikea , and I bought a sofa , I was agree with the transport fees , but I did n't realize I have to pay also for the picking , from the dock to the transport point .
I went to my co- worker 's ferewell party yesterday .
love cats and dogs , reading books in native and foreign languages , ride my bike , watch TV-shows , swimming and other activities .
because my BMI is 23.4 and I do n't have enough stlength "
so temperature is 30 degrees or more , today .
because is good to give hug in a person that you love
in conclusion , money is really important and very essential in today 's society since we need money to buy everything , for example you need money to buy food , a flat , clothes and other daily needs .
then we participated in house meeting as soon as we came back to dorm .
he put his head down to the floor and starts to drag the toe of right shoe on the floor slowly and meaninglessly .
for information , I also practice spanish since the beginning of the year
all the villagers attending at the feast felt uneasy premonition .
and who are you thinking of . . . ?
it name Diu Diu .
in my opinion the most dangerous natural disaster is flood .
in the future , I want to open my shop which wii be sale cute goods .
I am from Iran , I am web developer , I like reading books , football , travelling
I would like to work at a company that gives me opportunities to work on interesting projects , develop my skills using cutting-edge technology and be part of a team where members of its exchange knowledge and skills each other .
this morning I met a girl comes from Hong Kong and I talked to her for few minutes .
I have been hesitating whether I quite or not so far .
it is very rare in Japan for mass killings to take , and thus this incident may sow fears about neighboring people living around the crime scene .
my mind does n't work very good because I feel exhausted .
first of all , constructing of the bridge will enables the residents to go to the mainland much more rapidly .
A place with a grave is a temple and a place with a Shinto shrine gate is a shrine .
I wantto study english and chinese .
Martha was promised to be given a special present that would help her not feeling so lonesome at her insomnia .
I would like to say that my ex-coworkers are awesome .
and if you use it the back of the verb , it becomes adjective to meaning of " ziite " .
the movie was interesting and the story is about " Horikoshi Zirou " .
it was difficult to be out from bed this morning .
Third , I have learned that French is a popular language and it 's used as a official language in many universal organizations : the united nations , . . .
when we sit down next to , he always holds me in his ar Ms.
there are a beautiful song in this movie called to space Oddisey as know as Major Tom by David Bowie .
I look forward to having from you soon .
that means that remaining days are eleven days !
everytime when I travel back I always have hot pot , it 's the flavor of my hometown .
it has been always a dream to be a part of such an significant event as I believe I would get the best training over here to build the foundation for soccer in my home country , Japan .
my name is Yoyo , I come from China .
my hobbies are reading books , watching tv and listening music .
though the movie is not perfect , but is good .
she spet almost 3 months in Rome , after that she decided to have a period in India in a Ashram where meditate and have yoga class .
I am waiting a train arrives at a station .
because my reading speed was vesy slow , there is not enough time to solve .
it is a specialty of Kamakura very delicious !
one curiosity : the title was mentioned during the film when the protagonist ask to a middle-age man sit on a house 's step ' what are you eating ? ' .
this place the best in my city .
I was in charge of L2 testing room .
but the roller coasters were veru thriling and I was excited a lot .
cuz it is my job which is i like .
this morning , I woke up very early in the morging .
please check this passage for articles and grammar , and colocations . thank you ! Part1
" do n't call me hey , i 'm not hey . . " shouted back B .
if I can understand English easily , both skills can get from books and the internet .
however , one day , I just realised that my iphone tells me my storage is running out every time I finish the lesson .
I started to watch the movie " Good Will hunting " , but I could n't understood what its characters said because they spoke too fast .
I cant use present perfect , present perfect continuous and past perfect well .
everyone know money is not perfect as love can not be bought by money .
some songs are sung in duet with Louis Armstrong and this is a great thing !
it was getting dark , so I felt scaring little .
it is our duty to protect the water courses even if it seems like everything is lost .
I feel very vevexed .
it has been proved that such an amount of water we can get from food , fruits , vegetables , and , optionally , force yourself to drink clean water .
I like to play baseball as same as to learn English .
and now , I will be shake with fear
today I travelled a city which near by Ocean with my friend .
actually there is not certain reason i think so .
it 's hard for me to listen English , but I will continue to study English .
no matter how hard I remove the snow , I could n't get out from my apartment .
it sounds sadly .
I had a biology classes in second period .
I have to go my office by train .
therefore , technology can help students learn easily and quickly .
I am going to post my diary everyday .
Latery , there is a big difference in temperature between night and day .
she liked azalea very much , because she was eating leaves , gnawed stems over .
how did you succeed inin doing that ?
but recently , I have many worries about my future , then I think I need somebody who I can share this kind of feelings .
today I want to tell you about my trip to the garden , where lives my grandmother .
A bird flaps its wings before flying
I think I will go to Beijing somedays .
I 'm not thief .
that is why i started to Lear English again .
my name is Ivan or in English John .
I thought that the match will finish by the time I get there .
today I learn describing present , past , and future actions .
I usually go to the gym and practice body combat and many diferents sports .
lately I started run robotic courses for children .
I was hoping to she will be calm .
it 's possible surprisingly via seemingly irrelevant things to the planes ' fundamentals that are the Wi-Fi system for passengers and the entertainment system .
if I come back my home , I 'll go to bed soon to play baseball well .
today i am inviting you to a trip with me .
I can work with your project 10 hour per week .
people can chat with me in variable topics .
I am a student from China , born in Shantou , a beautiful city near specific Ocean .
it 's long 2 hours , but i did n't feel that is boring .
first I want to speak easily with american people share experience with them or with someone specific and the second is that in my country there are a lot calls center from US but when I went to find a job , they told me that i need to practice my listening , comprehension and accent .
then I fell asleep while sitting a chair .
they do not worry about their children way to school , marks or friends .
Strong solar flares taken place several times this month in the sun .
by the way , latin is U=V , but I do not know whether true .
today , i went to the Daejeon for hang out with my friends .
I could see very beautiful it .
Japan is a long country .
I have n't had enough time to write entry lately , so I have to cut my time to do other thing for it .
I want to know other countries ' way of teaching it .
it is like nightmare for me .
as it has happened to me on other previous occasions , if I had read the novel before I may have been pretty critic about the film .
I 'm Anwar currently living in Indonesia and would be happy to be your language exchange partner .
I hope lang-8 help me to improve my English .
I 've gotta do something , and change my mind .
the whole research , the formulation and realization are based on natural , ayurvedic and chinese medicine , which is recognized as the mother of oriental philosophy , without ignoring the principles , the experience and the writing of herbalists , pharmacists , and doctors , as well as benedictine monks , franciscan and coptic christians .
recently i have seen a cinema " the secret " and i believe in this idea .
I 'm planning to be a physician and work in pharmaceutical company , so I 'm studying English to improve my international communication skill .
could you correct my sentences in a formal style .
the best part is , no matter how much time I spent in computer , my mind keep telling me " Anna , you will improve your English by keep doing this ! " this thinking does set me free from the guilty of surfing the net for a lot time .
I know my English is not very well .
singing songs is good way for me to eliminate stress .
in past a decade , the world intensely face the factor , primarily religions between islam and others .
comfortablely in my garden .
if someone help me , please text me .
another option is study a master there in London if i can not find a job here .
the grave is in Siga .
I very love English .
I like the last stop of the train line .
for me this forest was beginning of another world .
the president administer the country .
A lot of people hold that final grade of course should be based on a single test in the end of the semester , citing the reason that more assignments can make students have a lot of homework .
when I went to a trip few weeks ago , I could n't sleep well .
I love chatting , travelling in all world and watch my Chicago fire , Chicago med all movies about rescue and firefighting .
but recently I want to study English during my drive .
I 'm learning about English grammar , how to listening it , and make myself understood .
but the fact is we are not even close when we are admitted to a college .
I 'm going to write about really important and serious essay today .
their job is teach English and help these young children learn american culture .
he once had to draw paintings to meet the need of some buyers , which do not have much value in art .
Tapas are made of tipical food of each region of Spain .
the writer says that many fails are necessary to make something creative .
I 've failed for three times !
I kiss you when i 'll see the rainbow
i really want to control my sleep
my name is chiaki .
I hope we 'll be able to speech as Obama does .
it 's after I completed to write my masters thesis to write a diary about my trip to Okinawa .
but my body is inflexible . . . .
this is the last week in ramadan month .
he was going to his grandparents alone about for one month .
I had not been a good impression for them because I have never seen good news about them in japanese media .
this week is so long and I saw a lot of new things that really boarded my horizon .
the vowels always change , they do n't have always the same sound
also , there were white white-caps in water .
actually I stared to sorting out annoying tax return thing and I am just wondering
russian is my nativ language .
I wantto join the feast on next year .
I recommend to see it if you like bouldering .
what we need is use it , by speaking and writing the most we can .
you may think they are hyperkinetic , but they are normal .
recently I have a lack of exercise because since the and of the last year , I have n't played tennis .
in fact I was working over there , I remember that all mornings before to go to work , I went jogging near the beach then I ate delicious seafood .
then my mom said " I ca n't take you it on Friday night , but if you want to go to camping after practice , I could take you camp site . " so I decided to go to camping after practice .
- he has a Porsche and Ferarri .
