as a result , they do n't have enough time for making friends .
the video is less than 2 minutes , but I think it 's still too long to make it into study material .
it has a positive influence on them when they become a person in charge of a community .
it is too difficult to concentrate on it .
my hobby is playing on computer , I like it .
surprisingly , I discovered that by constructing a methane tank , promoting sustainable farming practice and cultivating collective decision-making , Oxfam actually constructed a self-supported rural community that could flourish without governmental resource .
children should be taught the importance of money at a young age .
secondly , free childcare service will not work effectively given the status quo regarding poor policies or infrastructure used to boost birth rate .
since she suddenly disappeared and did n't call home on jam 31 , her parents reported it to the la police .
I 've got a working holiday visa .
the biggest problem is that I ca n't fit into forced socializing with relatives and ritual things .
I have been living without tv since the first half of my twenties .
one month ago I left my job at a supermarket because I was working many hours a day and I felt like my life was full of nonsense .
before I watch this movie , I thought that CASPER would definitely suit for listing practice , but I turned out to be wrong after watching .
other people in the group would take the roles of an american .
after that , when I stood on a high wall , my thigh muscles got cramped suddenly which nearly caused me to fall .
oh my ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! www
and I should study for the final exam .
I like to read books and play pc games .
my friend who is working at a travel agency told me that it 's really tough work but the salary is n't good .
I am a hard-worker and honest person .
so this place is very rare .
and I want Fc Munich to win .
thank you for what I 've lost
I 'm surprised that time is going so fast .
but it 's nice for me to meet a new worker because I can become his friend .
that 's why I was isolated by the other japanese wives .
in September 2012 , I visited the park to take photos of airplanes .
these story styles are a reflection of Pixar .
I am a little confused .
I will be going to Osaka in spring vacation with my boyfriend .
I 've started writing daily in english .
because I need it for my job now .
no matter if the hero appeared as an adolescent , a young adult or a full-grown adult .
however , I 'll do my best tomorrow .
not just because I 'm lazy - I do n't even take the time to write anything even in my mother tongue - but also because I 've always been worried that I would make some stupid mistakes and will end up in some embarrassing situations .
1 I 've had busy days .
I want to change my surroundings to English .
the other kind of people are just like me who cannot speak English well , but the difference is , they are not afraid of answering the questions .
I need to choose what to do next , when to start , where to go and how to do all of this .
eighth , the channels through which they received their tests and tasks were different .
then , altogether three families , or 10 people , went to cinema this afternoon .
it is the answer to the puzzle .
to my astonishment , there was no water flowing out .
my sofa is in the middle of my room .
I 'd like to increase my girl power by getting misty-eyed , but I do n't have the skill though .
I was not sure where those weird thoughts came from , I think , stared by people really makes my nervous somehow .
I have to go to my other daughter 's elementary school in the afternoon as well .
the breakfast is bread and soybean milk , sometimes porridge and egg .
due to global warming , Japan has been experiencing the hottest and the most humid climate during the summer , for the last couple of years .
if possible , I 'd like to start in September .
the japanese often apologize , while in contrast , americans frequently do n't apologize .
without these documents , I am unable to successfully complete all the tasks you have ordered me to do .
my favourite genres are jazz , classic , rock and heavy metal ; I listen to rock and heavy metal the most .
one day , on the small road to her home , she sees three huge billboards in disrepair , and she suddenly has an idea .
politics are going to change because in a few month an election is going to be held .
conversely , humans must educate machines , otherwise all the really meaningful words will disappear .
and there are few doctors and facilities because the center is not a hospital .
he suggests to me to use the new detergent but I hesitate to use it because it costs a little too much .
we used to be in the university orchestra , but now we have no place to play because most of us live in apartments .
my name is Fernando , I 'm 25 years-old , from Buenos Aires , Argentina .
I want to learn English so I started using Lang-8 , but I speak very little English .
this work takes two hours .
I 've been very busy and I feel that I need to practice more now .
do you have hay fever ?
the goal of education is not wealth or status , but the making of personality .
in Bali , we stayed at a hotel called the intercontinental Bali resort .
I have a 3-year graduate degree in computer science .
also all of us spend most of our life in our houses .
I understood the reason why her face really lit up with joy today .
but maybe I can handle it , because this weekend I can go back home to see all my loved once !
my father just came into my room to congratulate me on officially becoming an adult* and he gagged because my work clothes still reeked , which on one hand was pretty funny , and on the other hand pretty sad .
however , others sometimes say difficult words that I do not know .
that is one reason why I like them .
the whole collection was buried in Xian .
I also love classical music , especially piano music , and reading .
we have to try to play hard .
when I came out , she was still talking , and then surprisingly she kept on talking while entering the toilet .
Sister Alyonushka and her little brother , Ivanushka - part ii .
I do not know the reason , but I decided to make reading books my new hobby because it is now autumn .
the most surprising happened when I went to talk with another neighbour . I realized that everybody knew almost nothing about my neighbour .
I went to my work place at 4pm .
our city has become much more beautiful over the last several years .
the course is 72 km long around the Okutama area .
I have to get off the train at the next station .
I am going to work there three hours a day , every day .
this wise quote is also credited to Lennon : " life is what happens to you while you 're making other plans " .
to become a adult is a worrying thing .
there were some definitions that she could not explain well to her students
finally , that is my biography . . .
in this stage of development , it is advantageous for factories to educate unexperienced researchers .
but I would not be writing about this super model if something had not happened earlier this year .
I know , it still is n't enough , but it is better than nothing , right ?
however , if the smart options fail , the gentle internet is always available .
it has been ages since the last time I posted on here .
I currently live in Hatfield , and I am looking for a job here .
please check . I want to say thank you and I want to keep these feelings in English .
this spring , I entered university to major in politics . this spring , I entered university and am majoring in politics .
assisted suicide , also called aid in dying , has been legalized in several countries like the Netherlands , Canada and some states in the US , which raised a lot of questions and ignites public debates .
to my way of thinking , it should rather be called a " time-saver " inasmuch as we have an opportunity not to go anywhere thereby spending our free time in a more useful way .
I had n't prepared enough for it because I had spent all of my time studying for another test .
they are beautiful cities and have different style of architecture .
now I am eager for native speakers to help .
firstly , a low-glycemic index diet is the most satisfying way to lose weight , compared with a low-fat diet or a very low-carb diet .
as you can see in the pictures , the lions were impressive .
it also applies to honorific words you know .
however , as all parents think of their children , children also start thinking of their parents when they grew up .
so I 'm going to the Lanzhou university which is famous in China .
I noticed that I am due to attend one of next month 's meetups .
however , people who live in other areas like Kyoto do n't know about it at all .
I like to take pictures of flowers , the sky , and of the landscape .
it was hard for me to run long distances .
for instance , people are content to use plastic bags for shopping due to their ease , regardless of the harmful ramifications to the environment .
however , I do n't know what to write .
9 tells us " do n't forget the process of making an effort and keep learning until you die " . or 9 reminds us to never forget the process of making an effort and to keep learning until we die .
I have been giving him some instruction on the way to write characters properly .
I hope people who come to Taiwan will use chinese talk to us .
what are the problems of the diversification policy of Kendall . . . ? ?
if you have some advice for me , please tell me .
I have always been a night person .
however , this is not just a comedy but also a good human drama .
maybe we should understand that if we cannot defeat them , we should be shoulder to shoulder with them , attempting to change the way that they have been living , and offering our model of society , that , perhaps is not perfect , but at least , and in my opinion , has more advantages than disadvantages .
how the fuck can a stupid group of linguists dictate how portuguese will be spoken or written ?
on my way back home , we went to a restaurant to eat Kaisendon .
I always think about that these days .
i am a person who loves to read autobiographies of great entrepreneurs , loves to tour all the beautiful places of the world , and also loves to read case studies on profiling and human behavior patterns .
I am open for all conversations !
I do not know if you understand chinese culture .
however , those plants were wiped out due to changing temperatures .
do you know curry soup ?
because of limited time , 30 minutes , my content is little sparser than in the past .
no one argues with the fact that meat contains a lot of wholesome and valuable vitamins , which help to grow our levels of immunity .
this white sand is actually the feces of a fish called the Knobsnout parrotfish .
I study English as second language , so I want somebody to help me speak English correctly and learn new vocabulary .
today I went to the hospital
as I said in my last composition , I need to continue writing in order to pass my new English course .
I wish I could go to the shelters to help them out but I live too far away from the disaster areas .
however , after seeing this stunning performance , I realised that rock bands are more alive than even before .
I read an article that said jeans can not cannot be washed .
I am really glad to gather with the other members and play music together .
he hit me and asked for my number .
learning English is n't much fun , but I 'll try .
at several international airports the title question is asked to people who just arrived in Japan .
so I do n't want return home , because my parents will ask me to marry soon .
A nearly spherical ellipse , irregular shape like an egg or kiwi .
in my case , I would like to write my name and the name of my university .
to be honest , I like my job as a midwife , and am very proud of it but my mental state was really bad so I decided to leave . .
we had rare happenings in this small town .
many people had some of those kinds of skills . you could see them around while doing repairs at their house , some times on the roof or at the garden . however , nowadays , when you compare big cities with villages , especially Istanbul which is the biggest city of my country , you never see people those who have those kinds of skills .
I started going to the clinic in March .
but I think that even though I can manage to study reading and writing by myself ,
I have to remember 100 English words for one exam .
if you are a big fan of AKB , forget what I said .
I want to do speaking , writing and listening more easily .
what is the positive form of " better " in this sentence ?
for most japanese people , the day of thanksgiving is not so popular , but I 'm working with americans , so today is a holiday for me .
because in this season , the wind blows from the west to east . .
to my mind , three qualities are required : the first one is honesty , then permissiveness and finally , the most essential one is conviviality .
I 'm also thinking about my ex-girlfriend .
on the other hand , tennis players use one face of the racket to hit a ball with their forehand
I love to draw very much .
this was the first time I took a bus in Japan !
I want to go to Korea for trip again , but now I think it 's not cheap for us .
he thinks androids have no heart , but he meets an android who is very human ; so , he struggles with killing it .
I do n't think that it has been five years .
I recommend that if you are depressed , you should cry in spite of the fact that you are an adult .
this exam counts 20% towards the final grade , which means each|any question is worth 6% in the final grade .
as result , the idiom " caught Red-Handed " came to be .
my temperature is usually 35.5 degrees .
the Great Hanshin-Awaji earthquake occurred 21 years ago today .
the younger brother want to play with his older sister .
she is such a combination of natural beauty , upbeat ambition with a stint of haughtiness .
I study art , mainly screen printing and oil painting , at the university of Hokkaido .
the name of the village in which I work is Lukomba .
I paid 60,000 won , and Hyobin helped me choose a bike !
some of the students have been constipated because of the breakfast during their stay at a hotel in Texas for three nights , which we arranged for them .
when I want to say something in English , I need to think about it for a while in my mind first , before saying it out loud and I am not confident with my pronunciation .
it has been found in excavations made over two decades in the ancient city of Estagira , the place where the philosopher was born .
in 72 hours it decomposes and becomes extremely dangerous .
my boss said they bought the office for $700,000.
if you really want to study there , it 's very hard to find someone to correct your essay , especially if you are chinese but for a foreigner , there a lot of chinese who want to give you corrections , standing in a row .
they are 14 years old , too .
I want to study more words in english
I 'm in the OOO junior High school , . an all-girls boarding school where I am learning how to take care of myself and adapt to the community life .
I am always like , " what did I wear last winter ?
however , I 'll do it during the holidays because I 'm busy with work .
Snowboarding is an unnecessary form of leisure for me !
what I want to say is that japanese people should n't use slang on a daily basis and should get used to thinking in complete sentences .
I live in a city now .
she is famous in Japan as a nice person after she made a donation of two hundred million yen following the big earthquake .
recently in Japan , there is an argument on whether we should introduce casinos or not .
I really think I 'm supported by many people .
surprise , after doing that , I realized that my skin had become very smooth !
it is important to understand the needs of the attendee , and the intentions of their remarks .
this shop 's soup is called " Toyama Black "
I heard that people do n't often say " how do you do ? " anymore and you could use it in case you met parents-in-law for the first time .
I got to know more about the waiter 's job .
we can choose them properly , depending on our usage .
my favourite musician Tei Towa always wears dark sunglasses and a cap .
for some inexplicable reason , this rugged landscape rejected my life and wanted the waves of the sea to preserve my body and guide it along safe paths among the numerous clusters of sharp stones that litter the icelandic coast .
today my lunch is sandwiches and salad .
for example , our skin regenerates every 28 days and also goes through cell regeneration every seven years .
that means that they must evolve to be reasonable and rational .
the last thing I need is purified water because people need to drink water to survive .
the point is , though she loves to shopping , she does n't like to clean up her bedroom .
today I worked too much , because my colleague was sick . today I worked much more than usually , because my colleague was sick .
but I always say that I hate winter .
why do n't we share some ? " she loves to eat tenpura , but she does n't cook it in her own kitchen because it 's pretty troublesome to wipe off the oil stains that get splattered all around the grills .
what do you think ?
we know exactly what these young employees want and what they expect from a job experience .
looking at my profile pic you can figure out what my favourite hobby is .
I 'm learning English and danish .
my favourite place in Japan
on September 22 , 2013 , for the second time I passed charitable running in Gorky Park 5275 !
they lost the game .
the finder of color is lighter and has a little bit of transparence .
I 've been learning English for over 10 years .
instead , I have encountered three patients in the past 4 days with brain stroke .
I will go to India India on a business trip .
I think that you could do a good job .
my name is Kata and I 'm from Hungary .
in my view , he is irrational , corrupt , and full of prejudices .
we always complain and take life very seriously .
an introverted man is not a simple person because he 's does n't reveal too much of himself .
I want to know a lot about what ' shappening in this world and I want to talk with a lot of people .
help fight against the danger of a negative illusion for a better future .
I 'm very shy , but I tried hard to communicate with them with a smile .
but when I tried to speak to them in English , they understood me .
I know that I have to hang out around foreign people . .
and the world will never hear the word " classify " anymore .
how should I advise my friend ?
sometimes the Ecuadorian education authorities make useless and annoying choices .
because most of the ladies are middle age , they talk about their children , who are almost adults , but I ca n't understand what the ladies think about and how they feel themselves .
we 're all acting like a baby that has n't been born yet , we are afraid of the birth .
if you want to learn chinese , you are welcome to make friends with me !
starting tomorrow , I 'm going to go to skiing for a skiing workshop .
I can rarely go home early .
in my free time I play sports and spend time with my friends .
I thought that it was just the reading and listening parts that I have taken before at my university , but those other 2 parts add a layer of complexity that I was unaware of .
my favourite food is " Gallo Pinto " which is rice and beans mixed together , I love dancing although I never had a teacher to teach me how to do dance , I just learned it by watching others .
I took the GRE test yesterday afternoon .
I had a big dream at that time , but now , I have nothing but compromises to reality
I left my hometown to go to university and after several years working in some cities of Spain , I have returned to my hometown .
it rained almost every day for ten days .
I 'm telling ya . " then the dog barks at him and goes , " . . . "
I paid off my credit card first , and then I bought some food .
today , there are center examinations and I am going to take the pre test .
I have a lot of things to do every day such as dishes , laundry , taking care of my cat , cooking , doing homework , and so on .
if you good enough to have a pet , go a head and adopt a pet .
even if I had , I 'm on night shift today .
I asked my professor to give me more time to complete my paper , but he did n't allow me to spend extra time on the test and suggested that I finish it in 2 minutes . .
I 'm really looking forward to travelling to Germany .
because they do not have enough vacation to have a long trip , they have to do this .
so , I kept in touch with my old friends in China through the internet and telephone .
I want someone to correct my English and I can correct some japanese .
sometimes when I feel down , I listen to music or play computer games .
what does everyone think about this ?
the first calligraphy of the year is " kakizome " in japanese .
my husband comes back home late every evening .
I do n't speak English , I do n't speak Mandarinand I do n't speak japanese .
I never met a more eccentric person than my neighbour .
it was difficult for me , but thanks to the BBC and Washington post I read English everyday .
waves will come to Nasa beach this afternoon until the next morning .
there are too many disputes and conflicts among various groups of people in Canada .
I live in Sumy , Ukraine .
do you have a ceremony for prospective employees ?
nobody knows what happened to them .
maybe I can search google for your location .
I try not to bring my job home .
I will attend a class which is held by a government institution , but I ca n't make up my mind to attend japanese clase or spanish class .
I wished they could get a better job for a better career .
I really felt that I need to improve my hearing skill .
in addition , when I went to Hokuriku , I returned on the same day .
if I write my diary on this website , ' Lang-8 ' , someone corrects my mistakes .
I chose to sacrifice a stable life to experience a different culture rather than to stay in the same place for many years .
in order to improve my pronunciation skills , I relied on different English pronunciation tutorials on youtube .
also , I can buy many things cheaper there than in Japan .
and it became popular for seniors and families and also their inquiries were doubled .
if I did so , I could go to the next stage .
so I have to get up at least before the start of the lesson
as you know , I should click " publish " button when I post an article , but that button does n't appear until I scroll up the page , and the " post " button is right there on the top .
it was very difficult without studying English .
I only met her in person once .
I wanted to go to the grocery store this morning , but I ca n't go there .
it 's a small country , but I love it !
after the neighbour left , my uncle said , " Tingting you see it was better to live in the countryside . I get no one saying anything , and the food is green food , the air is good , and the rural conditions are good now ! "
it was a wonderful experience for me to talk with a native English speaker .
I 'm going to buy a Kia tigers baseball jacket in the shop at the baseball stadium .
it 's supposed to get steadily warmer , but warm days and cold days come one after another .
I like to make friends from all over the world , so I live in Egypt
because I love cooking . I 'm especially good at asian foods .
what I 'm talking about is something that you think you 'll never give up or stop doing whatever happens , and that you feel happy doing for as long as you do it .
A family friend of ours had a very large , expensive wedding party . unfortunately , she is now divorced ; we talked about it and she told me she does not regret anything she planned for her wedding . she still has the photos , and kept the dress , which she loves .
why did he say " kid " ? *see comment
even the bravest men ran away from his roar .
I am a student at Jilin university and I 'm majoring in clinical medicine .
but golf is such a familiar sport in the field of japanese business that I had no choice but to play golf .
actually , I listened to his list of songs while reading the book .
however , I know that this is not good enough .
after the presentation this today , I found out I could hold on my own view which I 'm sure is correct and is very important , especially as a part of teamwork .
by the way , my family is n't good at growing plants . still , they have small field in the garden , in which they planted some vegetables , such as tomato , cucumber , watermelon , pumpkin and so on .
I reserved airplane ticket at low cost , but it takes a very long time , 30 hours from Tokyo to Orlando .
I spent New year 's holiday in Chiang Rai which is the northernmost province of Thailand .
fortunately I have finally found the origin of that problem when I checked my shoes for a basketball game recently .
but I really miss my student life .
I played chess with colleagues after work .
I 'm still a learner .
as far as I concerned , nothing can be done to stop producing genetically modified food due to the fact , that population increase sharply , while farm areas are decreasing .
the movie happened in an art high school .
the next day I came back to my city with a weary heart .
my English is not very well , but japanese vokabulary is so small . . .
his father , my grandfather was a luthier of japanese stringed instruments made from cat leather .
I arrived Auckland in January .
the olympic touch relay will be held in the universe for the first time .
it 's the action that counts .
I do n't think arriving early is important because I want to enjoy the moving time .
he said yes and promised he would n't do it again .
I came back to Japan from Hawaii .
" A better man than me . "
that way , if there are any problems , I can ask them to change my room
in my case , I hated forgetfulness , starting 3 years ago .
there were many people gathered in the hall .
for the sake of money , we trampled on and killed each other like animals .
I was a little girl then , but there are still some things I can remember .
many kinds of seasonal food make me happy .
I am from Kazakhstan , and I am 28 years old .
why the author thinks like that or if I am in the position of one of the
he found that his daughter had the same age as him .
we can learn a lot of things , like how difficult it is to make money , what work is like , and so on .
I also went to a mac store and left it there for them to fix it .
in both languages , stereotypical speech functions as a peripherality marker .
it seems like there is no reason to fall in love with someone .
I think we can communicate with each other through telephone calls , e-mail or even Skype .
to have a big dream is also incredible .
it seems to me that she is very happy to be making her dream come true .
I would like to have this job , because I need money to pay for a trip for my parents .
whenever I ca n't speak English well , I feel irritated and sad .
it seemed to me that he wrote about his affection for his mother .
parents really discipline their kids and they should be more strict about eating and texting .
while I am drawing and painting pictures , all my agony and worries disappear .
there have been some times when we started late and had to take the wet clothes home .
this book juxtaposes japanese history and chinese history to get a clear picture of japanese society .
I did n't realize that teamwork and strategy were more important than names .
so I think " technology does a lot to better our lives " .
however , I did n't see a many damaged houses so l felt quite relieved .
why does Monday suck ?
and usually it is followed by the different opinions of the public .
other friends said to me that if I do n't pay it off in time , the interest will be higher and it could affect my budget .
if it 's near the park , it 'll be great .
one of them is the company 's CBO , and the other has been abstaining from alcohol since his past conviction for assault whilst drunk .
I live in California with my family now because of my work .
Tom : ok , hold on one second please .
I get sad that I 'm going to do the same thing tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow .
my students made a speech which showed their pictures at japanese class .
poor harvests are attributed to bad weather .
drivers have to deliver a lot of parcels in a day and if recipients are away from home , they need to come again .
I prefer searching for the lowest price on the internet .
I did n't understand means of " L points " .
I went to TAFE today .
our family has visited them two times during these three years and it kept our friendship stable .
I am an ambious , sometimes stubborn , girl .
still , I have a lot of trouble in English , especially in my speaking skill .
I 'd like you to fill in the blanks while listening to the song .
if you commit an offence , the police will prosecute you .
so sometimes I got depressed .
I am going to wear a yukata next year .
to make up for this , the australian government has contributed to the improvement of aboriginal lives despite the fact they have mistreated aborigines in the past .
I like to play computer games such as DOTA and wow .
today , I gave the last seminar explaining to our advisor what we did and how we did it .
we went around the whole of the park quickly and headed to the hotel .
leave me alone with myself , the intimate enemy that badly lives as a squatter inside my heart .
maybe they want money to get drinks , or to hang out , or to buy something , more than I do .
they actually offer two types of lessons : one is a one-on-one lesson between a teacher and a student and another is a so-called " forum " that a teacher and several students take part in and talk about a fixed topic with some questions prepared beforehand .
my favourite team won 1-0 ! !
as often said , there are many opportunities in America .
the film " East is East " is going to be shown today at 7 pm at Britannia club .
but it can be quite confusing when the advice of your friends varies in different ages .
maybe because " love is in the air " on valentine 's Day .
in japanese , the words " patriotic " and " nationalistic " are almost the same and such behavior is just associated with the notorious nationalism and the invasion before 1945.
today , I went to buy a suit to wear for the entrance ceremony .
I 've had a sore throat since two days ago .
he hopes to go somewhere without his wife 's nagging and the duty of caring for kids .
this language is the most spoken in the world , but I do n't know a lot of things .
my students are very naughty , but at the same time I like seeing them every day because they make me feel younger and alive .
" I want you to borrow some money for me " .
after he had an interview at the embassy , he managed to get a visa .
it was my third day on the job .
because the main material that the containers are composed of is metallic the engineers have to develop solutions for this problem .
I am a first-year university student .
I 'm studying
I am often listening to " Moodymann " .
even though I ca n't ensure the transference will flourish into something good , I know now that the current life is far away from what I really wanted .
I study English .
Man , my friend got this RV for sale . " I was like , " do you have any sorta idea what 's join ' on back home ?
and now , right in front of all his followers , that man turned into a vicious black-scaled beast .
today is a sad day , although the weather is wonderful .
however , in the Edo era , Japan had only had a relationship with the dutch .
women should be more active in society .
you have the chance to use this manupulation when you give an memorable opening speech , run dynamic debates , express your strategy with your caucus or compromise to find an resolution .
my breakfast is fruit and granola cereal with milk and orange juice .
today two foreigners were standing in front of me at a train station .
among them , maple flavor of croissant donut tastes good and I like it . of all the flavours , I like Croissant donuts with maple flavour the best .
I ca n't live a normal life without medicine .
That`s my New Year`s resolution .
we are brainwashed by television , magazines , parents , companies , friends , and the place and country we live in .
I 'm very thankful for yesterday 's comment !
his mother is a difficult person but I know she is kind .
my present situation is good , I enjoy my life .
my goal in this fall semester is to not be late or absent for one single class this semesterand to live enthusiastically every day .
but what is actually happening is that the officers are using their strength and their authority to blame someone who has n't done anything so they put him in jail .
I 'd like to travel . I also like lovely places and local food , but unfortunately recently I do n't have enough money .
both of them are crazy about sushi , so we had it even when we were in Yellowknife .
we met a new friend there .
I 'm 28 years old and I was born in Mongolia .
yesterday , I got up early and went to play golf with a workmate .
I will go to the Kokushikan university .
I like wandering about the website , and trying to find a few videos that might help me improve in any of the languages I 'm learning .
I hope Mandy can live a long time with us .
however , I do n't have enough vocabulary in English .
the other three children have become independent , but my eldest son is still with us .
my boss is going to give a presentation in Berlin next month .
my gums have been swollen and throbbing , and it looked like I was wearing artificial teeth .
or are your idiosyncrasies totally different to ours ?
the 1978 revolution showed how an ordinary man could change the powerful government that had been in power for about 2500 years .
because it has many kind of flavors .
they organised a surprise birthday party for me and in order to make it more funny they kidnapped me and brought me there in that car trunk .
I will eat rice soup for lunch .
she has appeared on tv shows such as " Nazo toki wa dinner no atode " and " Akumu Chan " .
they 're similar to stars in the sky .
it 's a good example that English-speak people use yellow to express the sun because they think the color of the sun and a sunflower are the same .
it has been over a year since the last time I saw him .
my hometown is Shangqiu , Henan , which is in the middle of China .
we rented the equipment and they took us in a great boat to the diving place .
at this moment the majority of japanese people recognize the importance of English .
I was supposed to present in the afternoon , so I got to enjoy other students ' presentations in the morning .
Little T is always eating a lot and always becomes excited when I am around .
I 'm looking for a job
I hope this site and my will to learn other languages will open to me a way to great adventure - I want to see a piece of the world , but not only as a tourist - I want to assimilate with people from other countries , be their friend . . .
actually , I came here for business .
even though I could not understand the meaning of the music at that time , I could feel the beauty of it .
I love to be outside .
there was lots of happiness and suffering , hope and disappointment .
I love these kinds of films that are about growth periods .
I love this working in this field and I believe that I could make a significant and valuable contribution at your firm .
though we have had the bad news of the earthquake and nuclear power plant , the season of cherry blossoms has come again .
after eating , we walked around Little India .
my old brother does n't live with us anymore , but he visits our home once or twice a month .
first I had to drink a cup of something yellow and strange .
I always write a poem when I need to express my emotions especially when I 'm in a hard situation .
as some academic research reveals , thinking in any foreign language makes you less smart
but in the beginning it was not so . firstly , when I was a little girl my mother brought us a puppy . it was female , white with black patches . we called her Manchita .
I was able to take a little rest , but my body is still tired .
after that , I needed to go to my house early because it took 2 hours to go to my home from school .
then suddenly I had an idea .
you just imagine what it would be like if I could read !
next , I watched it with an English voice and English subtitles .
you need to hire some qualified voice actors and some specialists in editing movies to make sure that everything blends in .
I went drinking with my friend today .
A colleague often eats instant yakisoba for lunch , and it is called the yakisoba bento .
I especially love to travel .
her vlogs are funny because they are very overdramatic , sometimes she uses costumes and the way she talks is very funny .
they are just killing time .
it would be appreciated if you could correct these sentences to make it sound more natural .
it helped Hong Kong to develop the economy , and it has natural landscape and famous resorts , such as Kowloon Ocean Park , peak and Disneyland . transport is very comfortable and fastest .
another source of pollution is factories which emit a lot of carbon monoxide to the air .
after a few months , I made some friends and classes became so much fun .
wishing always to have more time to learn , even the working time seems like a waste of time for me .
however , Colombia got a second goal in the 10th minute of the second half and later overwhelmed Japan with two more goals .
so I 've been wondering whether or not I should take a part time job to earn more money .
it has become a serious problem that is arousing the concern of the entire society .
traditional chinese culture may be the most fascinating part about China for most foreigners , but the outlook for it is not so optimistic . .
but now , I live with 3 friends .
I have to get up at 5am , so I think it 's better to go to the bed earlier tonight .
today , I went to a restaurant called Irori Sanzoku in Yamaguchi Pref .
since is when being an asshole a good thing ?
but I can say that I really like and appreciate long lasting conversations .
as for my personality , I am outgoing , diligent and sincere , so it is easy for me to be a good friend to you . but there is just one thing I have difficulty with , which is when it comes to meeting somebody for the first time , I am a little introverted because I do n't want to show myself up , and I am worried about making mistakes while speaking , like using the right expressions and suitable words .
there are detailed characters and settings , so people are able to enjoy conversations between actors who have strong characters .
I am good at listening to English .
I just saw two people with red eyes wandering on the street and attacking someone .
I did n't know much about student visas , so I went to a counseling center of studyabroad .
I like food , but I ca n't eat some types because of an allergy .
there were a little group of other fans with me and we all went to drink coffee .
however it 's very fun to swim in the water in winter .
they can develop good relationships with each other and finish their work successfully .
when I was a kid , however , I often did n't notice that my parents or my brother was calling me or they had come into my room , when I was reading a book or was watching my favourite anime .
I learned cool is used for material things .
I think this is only the case in Japan .
regarding accommodation , they can live in a picturesque and traditional village or inhabit one of the touristy cities for retirement sprawled in the territory in order to coexist with people in the same situation
the third argument claims an idea of a perfect being -- the God .
as a beginner of japanese , I am very grateful for him .
she always makes different activities for learning English !
recently I 've been enjoying each day , but I did n't enjoy australian life when I first came to Australia .
last week was the rainy season so I could n't go out .
it saves a lot of time and money and makes everything much more comfortable and easier .
I am impressed that there 're so many interesting diaries , and also so many people learning japanese !
they had some good and bad experiences .
they are so hard-working , however what they lack is , maybe , an opportunity to broaden stage .
it was founded in 1758 and named after William Pitt who was the prime minister of Britain .
oh , I miss my scooter and taking a trip with it !
I always have a lot of fun there .
the japanese and korean governments finally reached an agreement on comfort women .
do you think that young people can also play with their children ?
in testing the program of this technology , we can see some buttons which are very similar to those of Anki , and I thought that Anki is also very good .
we should realize that what really concerns the US is not the possible development of nuclear weapons by Iran but the possibility of cheap nuclear energy to be used for development of the islamic country .
when we get a bad score on a test or something goes wrong , we use this word .
that is a simple , but also sweet love .
yesterday I read an English version of ' Snow White ' , to study English .
I watched a Japan drama recently , so I listen to its songs almost everyday .
hello everybody . my name is Karim and I live in Dakar , which is located in Senegal .
do you think it is too long , or too short ?
do you want to take a ct ?
the animated film was in English with English subtitles .
I did n't think that it is easily digested , but he really wanted me to cook curry .
and if you are lucky enough to get a job interview to become cashier with an employer looking for young people , then you 'll be disappointed to find out that to get that underpaid job , you should have gained at least five years ' experience .
I was extremely pleased when our local council finally placed special bins in the area to encourage recycling .
I ca n't wait until next Wednesday for the drama .
the places I would most like to visit are the Louvre museum and Champs-Elysees .
but , how wonderful it would be ?
in the afternoon I went to another building to do my experiment .
according to a new government policy , we need additional photos in order to import your product .
employees with web development skills have much demand .
I have been studying English for half a year .
I guess , too much freedom easily go for too much laziness .
I can add people , broadcast , organize and even receive twits tweets .
first , this proverb holds true in our dairy lives .
there are always complaints about young people and the changes due to era .
if nobody states a different idea , nobody will start to think .
my father watched the Tokyo olympics in 1964 when he was a highschool student .
it is truth that is universally acknowledged that love plays a vital role in our whole life .
this story is about the grown-ups and their way of thinking .
is the security safe ?
now I have been studying music and composition as a postgraduate at one of the music conservatoires in London , and many projects are going on simultaneously .
I have some deadlines for awards that I want to apply for .
this is the continuation of my previous post about the pangram .
I went to Australia for a short-term study abroad .
so I just asked our teacher " why are we watching this now ? "
I promised my boyfriend to meet him at 10AM .
the pyramids are ancient buildings .
oh , that was a fun dinner , huh ?
I ca n't really tell exactly what I 'm talking about , so this sounds a bit weird .
I think I practised it a little more than I had to .
thank you for reading !
then I also hope to have a casual-themed cafe or tea bar .
I know about native americans , a little .
she regards learning English as not a study , but like a joy .
we went to the ecology park near our house to play with her .
1 . then the rainfall dropped sharply where there was under 25mm for four following months . 2 . then the rainfall dropped sharply to under 25mm for four consecutive months .
hi ! my name is Jian , and I come from Taiwan .
I 'm going to be distributing leaflets .
I want to improve my language skills . it 's so important to me and I will do it . . .
why is the japanese voting rate so low in an advanced nation .
these retirements became the nominal beginning of the Prague spring .
I will go to the bar with my teacher and friends .
do you have any interesting trips planned ?
playing TCG seems to be a childish hobby , but there is more to it than meets the eye .
obscurely waiting for the chance
there is a simulator for the driving course test .
both of them have a good sense of humour , so I 'm looking forward these classes every week .
in addition , the experience should be valved .
I 'm from Fukusima-prefecture in Japan .
on that day , only my eldest daughter tried to make the hand craft , and my youngest daughter was just watching her sister besides her .
Picasso excelled doing an artwork which was aesthetically so beautiful with loads of symbols that make this painting a masterpiece .
life is sport , so I like to play basketball and badminton .
with the statistics I 've shown to you guys , I think you all can better understand why there could be more people choose to become celibate in China in the future . however , as of now they are a small group .
during the game you made a very strong tackle on the field , very fast , like a tiger !
most japanese want to be perfect .
if we want to fight terrorists , that means we can work together with Iran and al-asaad because they are both terrorists .
hi everyone I am junior high school student in Changsha .
I have never been abroad with my friends .
caption : I lift the unicycle on my mountain bike handlebar to the bike shop .
I know saying this will surely make me sound like I 'm a stupid , doting mommy , but he must be genius because who would imagine that a 2-month-old baby understands what adults are saying ?
even though the food is hot , it includes something sweet .
" this is the devil 's tune ! "
that 's why I choose to pick on him .
I 'm forgot how to swim the butterfly but I can still swim though .
I felt I still had charm to girls .
it was drizzling yesterday morning , but it stopped in the afternoon .
we can find that there are lots of scenes that relate to culture , gender , and racism in this film .
I was a little sick , so I stayed home today .
so , in a capitalistic society , there is a need for a safety net so even the losers can live happily as well as winners .
I think she dresses well because she usually wears the prevailing once in each specific season .
he is regarded as one of the best footballer in the world , like portuguese footballer Cristiano Ronaldowho currently plays for real Madrid .
I was doing something dazedly in the living room , when I heard an unusually loud and noisy sound of a cicada .
on the club 's next celebration , we 'll welcome many new members .
on the way home , I got a mail from Chipop . on the way home I got an Email from Chipop . on the way home I got a text from Chipop . on the way home I received a letter from Chipop .
when I got this business idea , I felt it was the most interesting idea
that is why the special frequency filters are necessary , " says Andrey Leksikov , researcher at Krasnoyyarsk institute of physics at the siberian department of russian academy of science .
I was able to learn how to swim from the basics .
the wind was strong and the current was also strong .
they were surprised because getting a hedgehog is quite rare in Turkey .
I also really like all kinds of books .
I 'm having a lot of fun talking to people from around the world .
I go to work by bicycle which I bought a month ago . it is cheap , but nice , you know .
he is a very splendid guy , and he has a huge dream .
the government prohibits the access of some websites like " Google " , " Wikipedia " , " Facebook " and so on .
seeking information ! !
nowadays we can learn the various countries information easily by website .
the main point is that it has multi-platform support , which means the data you input on your pc is available on your mobile phone instantly .
they did n't know that you are the brightest light in all seasons
to learn more things helps us to become more and more positive in our lives .
it was sunny in town , but it was too cold and windy up on the mountain .
unfortunately , this phone does not have any of the options you listed in your last message .
that sounds sad .
my name is Takako .
I am looking for someone who will talk with me on skype or kakaotalk
I really love the sport .
dude , you know what ?
I 'll introduce myself !
I always use a computer when I 'm studying English .
this is one of their awesome videos , the performance is at Cannes lions international advertising festival .
in my opinion , I agree that a grading system is an essential factor to judge student 's ability , because the grading system lets students know where they are stand up and how their abilities can be judged .
parents have high standards for their children because of love .
the cellphone is now widely used in Japan and it seems to be changing how we live our lives .
it 's a popular place for visitor .
and the spanish people were so nice .
of course , in a train , most people play a game , read a comic or check mails something with their phone . of course most people play games , read comic or check mails with their phone in the train .
today is the special day I have started studying English !
so I will try to learn ! !
the second key element is reducing demand , by promoting energy efficiency both within the energy sector itself and with end-users .
the book " rainbow magic "
I checked outside our bedroom door and noticed that the kids were doing something in the living room .
if you are interested in japanese animation or manga , please send me a message .
I have been learning English for two years , but I do n't know it as well as I would like .
on one hand , I think homemade food is healthier because you can use better ingredients in your dishes and it 's much cheaper too , but on the other hand cooking well is very difficult and you have to wash the plates after the meal .
I put on mourning clothes with a black tie .
I was impressed with that !
there were not many people but it was exciting and joyful .
so a brilliant idea occurred to me . . . I will try hard to improve the environment in China with my friends .
on Friday , I washed my hair , and my hair 's wave came out .
it 's kind of like a big roll of lavash with fried chicken , tomato , fried potato , fresh cucumber and special garlic sauce inside of it .
they reject their families and real friends because of life on the internet .
five girls in this tv show are so cute .
in the beginning of the match we were losing but then we won more rounds than ours opponents .
well , I go to the small store in my town more often , but I like the big store more because I just enjoy looking around there .
I 'm thinking about starting to read simple books and watch shows with subs .
I bought a bouquet and HARIBO and then I presented it to Lia .
he chose Sendai in the Tohoku region for the last venue and held it for four days straight in Sendai .
I really hope it will be fine .
today it is raining again because of the typhoon .
many people study language by themselves and with so many textbooks or some language learning materials in Japan but I have started thinking like as what kind of environment you can secure is more important than just sitting at the table and drill grammar or vocabularies .
the accident happened when I arrived at the mall . the rear tyre of my bike was punctured , and I could n't ride it anymore . I called one of my colleagues right then , and she laughed and said , " the road to happiness is strewn with setbacks . "
one interesting thing about their diet is that they sometimes pick fleas from each other 's hair and skin .
however , the treatment itself was much quicker and smoother .
there is a big christmas tree in our condo .
it was easy for me to understand .
I only want to know how people use English as their mother tongue , and how to recite words .
the first day we had an opportunity to see Wroclaw from a viewpoint situated 200 meters under ground .
this acceleration began to unravel in the mid-decades of the nineteenth century , with the implementation of large public works that would exert a decisive influence on the future of the spanish capital .
I 'm writing this diary at a Starbucks near my house . or I 'm writing this diary at Starbucks , which is near my house
there are 10 kinds of people , those that know binary and those that do not .
by contrast , the income of the other cafes was on the rise .
this is the most famous of all manga , and its subject matter is ninjas of Japan .
this is not so beautiful in the reality .
I used to play tennis but I have n't been doing that recently .
I think the fairest way to charge for the bike sharing would be to make people pay for the amount of time used .
it helped me to obtain some new knowledge , but made me more confused .
after that , I went to the market with my roommates , and we went shopping and eating , so l feel really tired .
this semester I choose beginning korean as my elective .
I finished my homework , which is due tomorrow .
yesterday , I found an English blog which is written by a japanese woman .
that was the investment banking industry .
so I decided to give it to my nephew as a present .
I 've been learning English since my childhood but still I do n't speak fluently .
people believe that God can get their request if they are dancing in certain way .
it may look like too many , but I thought that it would be better to buy them all at once .
I log into the US server , so everyone uses English .
these are some reasons to consider that the environment has been changed by human action .
in laparoscopic hysterectomy , the surgeon should have advanced equipment , and professional qualifications higher than vaginal and abdominal hysterectomy .
I 'd like a pet hedgehog .
I have heard a lot of stories about the atomic bomb .
in the coastal region , people can visit the beaches of Esmeraldas and Manabi , full of natural charm and delicious food and friendly people , to have a great time .
firstly , if people are happy , they do n't have to get married .
hi , this is Koteswar , currently I study mca .
the vocalist , Chrysta , insinuated the release on valentine 's Day on some social media lately , but there is no further information about the release .
the festival name is " Mitama Maturi " .
during the filming of this movie , the director made flying real airplanes , but two amongst them fell , what caused several deaths
only my car cares about me .
I love eating delicious food and I always spend nearly the whole day searching different cuisines .
some people think that people with good figure are beautiful , but others think that people who have a good mind are beautiful .
it was delicious , nutritious and spicy !
I hope you will agree and will come to visit my college .
I 'm studying law but I do n't want to be a lawyer .
I felt that the sky was so cloudy , and this is the rainy season in Japan .
we might regret it either way , doing or not doing .
I want to take great pictures like him someday .
I really love this month . I sometimes stay in my room until answer prayer , because in Indonesia the daytime is very hot .
oh and I have forgotten that today was holiday .
the intense depression makes me feel like I 'm drowning , looking for a hand to pull me up , but in the end , I find no one .
I sat on my bed , drank the water , and waited until I could fall asleep .
I had no food for breakfast , so I went to the " breakfast food corner " to buy some cereal .
I like so many things-movies , music , yoga , shopping , food , travelling and so on .
I thought that it was kind of sensitive subject to discuss here .
the talisman and the other classmates , who made and gave it to me , encouraged me .
even if I found some English I did n't know in your correction to my entry , I never used " Google translate " .
people do n't seem to know what I mean .
after a long time , he ordered green tea and bread he slowly ate .
I want to encourage my friend but I do n't know how .
I bought a lot of commodities today ! !
first , most people have procrastination just because they have no interest in what they will do .
the fantastic , and varied scenery on the road side , the annoying mosquitoes during the ride , and the friendly local citizens that cheered us and showed us the way . all of these , are my special and wonderful memories of the journey .
we ca n't always know how to win a game and I think there is no such way .
when i have the time I read books , I watch anime o series , and I play video games !
they do n't respond to our questions or client 's questions even if it is about rental or management contracts , which are considered the main duty of a management company .
I have to adjust to a new school , teachers , and friends .
I do n't work in the city , or take the train in rush hours so the train I usually take to work is not crowded .
I try my best to be honest with everyone , even if it hurts and takes a lot of guts to do . .
" a table " , but ' a pair of scissors "
it is my second visit to New York City , so I am not familiar with everything yet .
I 've done weight training for about one hour .
I live in China now .
I do n't know how to treat you all .
hide plays the guitar , usually dressing in colorful clothes .
I noticed that the registered address and telephone numbers were old .
so I 'd been looking forward to the release of " the Hobbit " .
hello , I 'm Darkuma .
he knows the poor situation of his family and tries his best against his fate .
right after I graduated from college , I went for a trip to Nepal .
China is big , but it does n't mean that all asians come from China .
my hobby is reading all kinds of books and magazines .
can you please explain to me the difference , thank you in advance !
I will go to Canada for holiday in February .
I made story for a comedy skit with a friend of mine today .
to join tickets are sold at 2,800 yen .
then the people who went to church asked me to come on Sunday .
I remember that it took two hours or so to get to the top .
it 's really hot these days in Tokyo .
I want to do an essential and abstract discussion outside such a frame .
it 's been ages since I posted on this website last .
I hope I can talk to you soon . .
I think it 's better to use English for over 2 hours during the holiday .
for instance , in his works on the Provensale landscape he used mostly bright colours , like blue , yellow , and lavender .
in conclusion , we need to update ourselves regarding new technologies , because if we run a business , we will take advantage of all the good things that the internet can offer .
but now , I regret that attitude , now think it is a great tool .
hello , my name is Rodolfo , I 'm from Brazil .
however , some people younger than sixty complain of their symptoms like Minamata disease .
I want more time to sleep more !
we went out to the " huanong " tasty food festival , I tried a lot of delicious food , actually it was n't very tasty but interesting .
your ship is already in the port . "
I 'm not good at memorizing some idiom with easy verbal words .
I have had almost 50 teachers in my academic life ; some of them were really kind , while others most definitely were not very good .
hello everyone , my name is ZhiwenYE , and I come from china .
we met for the first time in a shared house when I visited the Philippines for my job interview .
I was shocked to find that she had blocked me completely in return !
less restriction and more space for free creation are also required , within some reasonable boundaries , of course .
he was once hired by the Royal danish theatre because of his good voice , and fired soon after when his voice deteriorated .
Korea is my home country .
when it was 4pm , I went home .
I have worked and lived in northern Thailand for almost one year .
but , I 'm sorry I ca n't drink a cup of tasty green tea !
I did not know whether I could make friends .
maybe some more money for me would be very appreciated ! !
I chose humanities not education because , I thought I should study English grammar deeply to be an English teacher .
the best way to learn how to encode an english sentence meaningfully is a process known as deliberate practice .
even if I cannot find a good function or get an error , of course I never ask for help or complain .
TAKOYAKI is fried flour dough , its in the cutting octopus .
I 'm Binh and I work as it manager in banking .
I felt I needed more time to sleep .
I like the phrase , " early to bed and early to rise , makes a man healthy , wealthy , and wise " .
I 'm into decorating my flat ever since I started living on my own .
recently , I talk with foreigners .
by 11 p.m. I was really weary and wanted to go to bed .
but my land Lady was not at home , so I could not call her .
you can see chinese culture in characters , when you learn a language , it is very important to know their culture .
there seem to be pros and cons concerning this kind of renovation .
after that , we went to the sea .
we are talking a little every day .
Hakone Ekiden takes place at the beginning of every year .
Jeremy Rifkin was born in the USA in the 1940s .
I must clear out my garage if I want to get more space
the winter is a beautiful time of year .
firstly , some children are afraid of clowns , because they suffer from phobias .
the last woman questioned by him answered with her face smiling .
the days are going by happily since spring has come and it has become warm , and I do n't need to feel cold while commuting in the early morning .
in recent days , everybody including young children have smartphones , which is a needy tool in our life .
in water , mercury intensely transforms into solvable methyl compounds that are absorbed by seaweed and plankton , which in their turn are eaten by small fishes that are eaten by large fishes that make their way into our meals -- bringing us biologically concentrated mercury poison .
there is also the possibility of working with people overseas . it is fun to teach the meaning and usage of japanese .
I wanted to keep the level that I have now , but my level went down .
whenever the shibaten lost , it cried , " one more time ! " and tackled Shin-sensei .
several people might have seen them .
when I saw the park near the station a few minutes ago , I felt sad .
the day before yesterday my family went driving .
as I also began to get hungry , I stood there voluntarily to try the food , preventing any eventuality .
they will become leafy trees soon .
nowadays I am thinking about the job I want to get in the future .
the restaurant has been in business for 67 years .
she said she had lived in Japan , so she speaks japanese .
every suggestion would be welcome .
I really wantto talk someone who speaks English .
in Japan from 19th to 23rd of September , this long holiday is called " Silver week " .
I 'm korean and I live in Korea .
I 've already watched " Nikita " , " homeland " , " burn notice " and " the closer " , etc .
before long , a loudspeaker was installed at the village square .
I have n't seen them since they got married .
the manuscript says men think of the future when they buy something ; they prefer long-term goods .
in terms of some aspects , I like the place I live in very much .
anyway , I promised myself to study English again .
I want to know what a more natural English sentence looks like .
so I can only write a journal entry .
also , Akihabara is well-known for what we call maid cafe , where waitresses dressed up like anime characters entertain customers as their maids .
it would be recommended that all students will know the objective of improving the food court via social networking since more and more people visit them often .
I 'm working at the Japan branch of an american company as a customer support staff member of certain web services .
in China , we have a different conception for heroes , hero is a man who can sacrifice themselves in the face of danger and never give in to the evil .
we loved him so much that the words " we loved him " are not enough !
I like watching movies and listening to music and shopping .
I will see it through until I loose-4kg .
there are a lot of ways to make a good impression at a job interview .
I have written my own blog .
l worked this morning , however , it started raining this afternoon , so my husband and l went to a hot spring resort in a nearby town .
oh , I feel frustrated .
I 've been trying to control my weight by dieting .
you have to run away from this building , but there are some subjects being used for experiments across each floors .
then , when we went to college we lived together in a flat .
all the doctors were terrified at the prospect of losing their well-paying positions due to a lack of clients .
crowding intensifies exposure to pathogens , contributing to the spread of infectious diseases .
thank you for coming to my wedding . Long time no see , right ?
only the people from Kansai like the Kansai dialect .
the second reason why education at school is better than at home is that the teacher not only teaches academic subjects but also social order-
I like it very much , and go to a forest in order to watch the autumn foliage every year .
I can say that it would be nice !
I met this friend last Saturday night at Hangang River .
therefore , I believe that it will still be in existence in the coming years .
we can look at original pictures , character references and fun goods .
he said that the beach was so beautiful and calm that he read two books a week .
so I decided to use it every night before I go to sleep .
recently , I sometimes attend Yoga classes on the weekend .
this year , I went to the U .
they have no choice but to hang out .
first of all I want to squat .
I 'm confused by this one .
I do n't know if she envied me for that , but she asked me to wash my car and after that to come to the hospital where she works to change our cars and to wash her car , too .
I 'm interested in learning English because it is very important for when I get a job .
usually , the japanese wake up between 6 and 7 am .
I saw my son 's talk show for kids of my family in Taiwan for the first time today .
this boiling time might cause a bit of a problem .
in Japan the word " karoshi " means the death by overworking .
if I was a child , someone would probably do same thing .
I think that we should make efforts for the younger generation .
but when I had finished it all , I still did not get the result I wanted , and I needed to call again .
I will keep harmony with everyone and move forward with a strong will towards the our goal . I will cooperate with everyone and push myself to make progress towards our goal .
it reduces my stress .
the voice had come from the fifth-story of a nearby stone pagoda ; it turned out that it was the Cooper who had fallen from heaven .
when I first started life in the United States , even a small conversation , such as ordering in a restaurant , was stressful . this was because I was poor at English , especially in my listening ability .
A good example is " Third time " in the rugby world . , when players finish a game , all players of both teams go to a pub to drink and enjoy each other with a good chat .
moreover , they are not sold if they are smaller or have lower sugar content than normal .
I went back to my office when I finished my lunch .
I hope that she would be able to speak English fluently after a few years .
I 'd like to play other musical instruments , like violin and cello , but nowadays I have free time . I 'd like to play other musical instruments , like violin and cello , but nowadays I almost never have free time .
I felt frustration in NZ because my host family did n't understand the words that I wanted to say .
my favourite food is chinese food .
only this chore makes me feel sick . .
what 's the big bang all about ?
it is economical and environmentally friendly .
I still do n't have a car so I went on foot .
Hemayat went searching for his own department and I went for mine .
my younger daughter is in the third grade of junior high school right now , and she has to decide what high school she will go to this April .
I have been in Australia 1 and a half years
Anyways , I had a lot of fun and I am proud of our team and EC which is my school ! !
letter about an English course
you know , so far , I have never been abroad .
I 'm looking for a place that is not necessarily close to the university but easy to get from one place to another .
that 's because my wife is an expecting mother and had to relax at home during the weekend .
so I may be catch a cold from yesterday .
moreover its patients have to stick a needle in their skin for management of their blood glucose levels .
thank for your listening and you are welcome !
so , I always spoke to them in japanese unless they spoke to me English .
it was conspicuous , because he was in a bathrobe .
now , look at drawings at page 81 , and look for the features of the most dominant influence in georgian architecture .
I 'm busy .
I need to ship a package to Japan because I bought many souvenirs .
I really like pets .
even though my job does not pay much now , I also don`t have to do overtime work .
I wish we could just stop the time .
tomorrow , my examination results for the last semester will be announced .
what should I do ?
sometimes , I feel that I am not writing well , especially when asking for or explaining something .
you never know what you will hear , and what the next song is .
such a custom of japanese people shows how we love and enjoy meals .
I think this is good change of view for my life .
I feel that Kanji is still complex , even now , and I do n't know too many difficult words .
actually , he did n't have many things he wanted to talk to me about and he treated me to some sushi and delicious sake .
cool , now I am here ! ! ! !
we played against each other .
it has been a couple of weeks since I finished the English course .
I was surprised that the listening test was not conducted by recordings .
I want to ride it soon .
what made me the most surprised was that a container I had put in the sink just under the faucet was filled with water and it was almost flooding out !
so I ask all my friends to teach me about English .
the food here is too hot and spicy for me , but anyway it 's delicious .
this time I chose a dentist who uses ultrasonic wave to remove the scale , which is said less painful than the traditional way .
when problems happen , we should solve them .
anyway , I was n't serious at that moment .
I have been in the UK for about 3 weeks .
I need to translate 2 sentences .
this is a reason that I applied for the west program .
someone pretends to be a native English speaker and talks to japanese girls because almost all japanese people are English learners .
I never thought that I ever could like judo , because it is a falls fight which I 'm not too good at .
after this speech you will be able to know what music to listen to when you are tired .
most of my colleagues have weak English communication skills .
tomorrow I will start my first summer internship in Detroit .
today I returned the clothes that I bought online two weeks ago .
I checked my iPhone and opened the browser .
the other day , I went to watch a basketball game that my teammates were playing in .
however , maybe there is another way to do that ?
the second , especially when you are travelling to other countries , you could n't see the entire country in one trip !
Under her reign , she value people in their strong points , whatever they are . men or women . Strong or weak . she made sure that everyone was in their most suitable location , and everyone was happy . the kingdom became more and more thriving .
that lightened me up , so I want to try new things .
however , he was then arrested because the host accused him of cheating .
when I prepare for some test , I tend to be more thoughtful .
for female graduates , it was even harder in japanese companies .
if you accused people of their mistakes , you might discourage them and make them angry , so they might not want to listen to you .
I want to be lazy , too .
unless you have a portable keyboard , you may feel bad when all the members of your band walk , jump , move and look sexy . when they do that , you must stay sitting and try to feel the music in a different way .
therefore , television advertising helps parents decide what to give their children .
what 's the difference between these two sentences ?
because I am a backer of total control .
A few hours later I have to go out for work . A few hours later I have to go to work .
I often watch american dramas .
for those three days Paris had fun .
their height and width seemed to double in size .
I am now a senior student at tianjin university . my major in is software engineering . I really want to improve and practice my oral english , so everyday i will go to an english corner during my leisure time . I really hope i can will be able to speak fluent English one day .
now the time is 2:26 a.m. now it 's 2:26 a.m.
I wondered why I did not learn properly from grand mum and why I did not take much notice when she was cooking . maybe it seemed very easy for her , as she could use anything from the fridge and create something and perhaps it gave me a wrong impression that cooking is just a piece of cake , anyone can do it without much effort .
I went to a shopping centre .
so , in the late afternoon that day , I told Sharon all of my annoyances tearfully .
there are black and brown bears , but in Kyushu island , those bears are already extinct .
I did n't get hurt at all though .
according to a cousin of mine who is still in school , Pokemon has already been displaced by Yokai watch and in order to get along with his friends , he has to know a lot about it .
I had never thought about the history of thanksgiving until today .
so , I thought of a solution for it .
but now it seems like the sun is coming out .
after that I returned to my house and fixed them .
I went to see cherry blossoms in a big park yesterday .
actually , we did n't drink so-ju .
I think the only thing that matters is I know that after going through all these hardships , I 'll become stronger , wiser , and undefeated .
fortunately , my mother-in-law lives nearby .
so I went to the classroom to prepare for my upcoming exam .
now , whenever I like someone , I want to be like them .
there 's one thing , I think myself did very well in 2015 , is discovering and travelling around the world !
it is important to show it on tv so that everyone will see it .
because I had two injections of anesthetic before the surgery .
I 'll tell you , I 've made a pledge to my therapist to love all human beings no matter what they 've done , because deep down inside I 've found that every human being just want to be loved .
the warm water is needed for not only the initial formation of the typhoon but also for its continual growth .
the main character is a teacher who goes to Siam in order to teach the children of the King .
however , using them is so bad for the environment , because they are made from oil . if you keep using them , indirectly it will mean that you do serious damage to the atmosphere , which is precious to our living .
how do you care for your throat when you catch a cold in your country ?
my hobby is running !
I was tired , but it was very fun .
with the development of technology , ways of socializing have become more and more varied .
I even took some pictures and video of them .
I love language exchange social networking ! ! !
I do n't watch anime .
more remarkable is the relatively high profit margin .
I have worked at the Adidas treatment company for almost 1 year .
my name is June Mori .
it 's different from ours in only a few parameters .
so , I decided to try to reevaluate myself again .
in other words , to succeed and survive in Chile people need to earn money and therefore to get a job .
his father gave him some good advice , he said , " just do your best . "
for example , listening a concert is like a " duck listen the thunder " to me .
as a result , they define the contemporary state by listing what it is , its actions , functions and powers . as a result , they define the contemporary state by listing what it is , its actions , its functions and its powers .
on the other hand he has n't had any memories of me during the past two years .
I think I will study English with him .
I hope to help you with chinese and also get help from you !
I am a student of engineering geology , which is the study of the general behaviour of the earth .
I am saying that you are right .
I 'm at a most helpless age , but I have met the one I want to protect for all my life .
once I heard " be the change you want to see in the world . " honestly , I 've tried to be a better person but it 's not so easy , it 's really hard to try to change something that has been wrong for so long .
therefore , I could n't answer the last five questions .
probably , our border lines are different .
if I ca n't pass the test , I ca n't be a regular employee .
at first , I thought they would have practised seriously .
I intend to practice English every day .
he decided to help survivors . he had been picking up debris because the buildings had fallen down . , however many people decided to help create groups to search for survivors . , many people died that day . , everyone panicked because there were aftershocks overnight .
the husband did everything .
I love France and Italy and hope that one day I will have a chance to visit those two countries .
an international survey shows that 60% of women think men would be sexier when they are climbing mountains , followed by doing a maximum amount of exercise , playing soccer , doing outdoor exercise , playing golf and doing aerobic exercise .
have you guys ever felt frustrated about learning a new language ?
Fujiko F Fujio is one of the most famous japanese cartoonists and he left behind a lot of masterpieces such as " Doraemon " , which is a story about a robotic cat Doraemon and a boy .
I live in Thailand . my favourite food is seafood . my hobbies are shopping and travel .
I have been working for a company that provides educational training for private companies and public sectors .
today in my English class
so , we spent about two hours there .
have you watched it ?
I need your support to improve my writing skills in german .
my wife and I do n't want him to be obsessed with it .
they need to find the images and make presentation for students .
,Also I can attach skateboard to it !
after that , we went to the shopping mall and my boyfriend bought two shorts for summer .
it depends on my mood or situatioin .
recently some scholars researchs prove that as we get 2050 year chinese society will have the aged people as one third of total population . recent studies show that in 2050 , elderly people will become one third of the population in chinese society .
if he is kind to you .
working at home using a computer or telephone is better than working in an office .
so we used to guess it 's a very natural thing and not wonder at all .
some blogs on the web said that there are many cats in Enoshima ! !
I 'm exited because I will go to the Philippines to study English and do sightseeing tomorrow , but I have no idea what I should take .
I am really disappointed about it .
there will be an academic report this afternoon .
I am running water because I have to clean an electric water heater and the instructions says to do so .
the baby panda in the movie was so cute ! !
after this , I heard from a vietnamese that the people who stayed in the hotel were mostly australian , so I guess that they were also australian , and it was a little bit funny experience .
my favourite musicians are Metallica , Slayer , Victor Wooten , Norah Jones and Bill Evans .
my room is clean and tidy .
this month , I aim to write an entry or more per day .
if I were you I would travel to Hungary and teach English .
from now on I will continue to inform you how I 'm changing in my daily life .
right now , I would like to think about whether I should resign from my job or not .
recently , I listen foreign music .
we bought lamb , chicken , sausage , potatoes , and beer .
it will be winter soon .
in my past studies , I got a lot of training in mathematics , thus the mathematics part of the GRE turns out to be easier for me .
live , love , smile , help yourself .
to conclude what was debated in the contents above , we accept to some extent the use of nuclear power until we can find an alternative method to provide electricity to the world .
I think I 'll cook curry one more time .
I heard that a member of the Tokyo metropolitan assembly of Japan heckled a female member while she was making a presentation on the declining birthrate .
my father 's father is called grandfather , and my father 's mother is called Grandma .
I try hard to speak English .
as for myself , I do n't think so .
when I watched it , I laughed unintentionally .
it is important that you use audio books appropriate for your level .
and they have close relations with japanese life .
I decided to write my diary in Englishtoday .
because this place is very far from mt .
not only was it much better to see it live in person than on tv , but it was actually great fun .
A lot of restaurant have delicious food in the evening in ha know .
this is beyond doubt because there are many drawings of the Edo period that show people walking in this style .
I suppose that most people know about the cherry blossoms at the Osaka mint bureau .
after I got home , I watched the video and found it was not so clear , but it still helped me recall some feelings from that time . after I got home , I watched the video and found it was not so clear , but it still enabled me to recall some of my feelings from the experience .
I never saw this before in China , I think that even the poorest city in China has a window on the bus .
I could lie but why should I ?
actually , exclusive sushi bars in Japan do n't usually have a menu , so you need to take enough money with you when you go to one .
I can keep hot water in the bathtub in the US , but the bathtub is shallow .
I put them in rice porridge .
finally , I bake them and put them into a little water .
we explained to them that we were travelling in that way for fun , but they did n't accept a ' no ' as a answer .
I will be glad to communicate with you .
I studied about hundreds of words and some basic grammar today .
today I want to introduce a special food from China .
if I just guessed its meaning literally , I 'd think it refers to eating and never know it means busy .
it will allow euthanasia for children .
I have so much work and must attend many meetings .
all we can do is manage how we control our stress in our life .
I 'm going to move into a new apartment in August .
use specific reasons and examples to support your answer .
if you have any problem with your chinese study , you can also certainly call me , haha . I wish for all of us to have a fantastic future !
my home town is in Hubei province , located in the central part of China .
do you have a concern like mine ?
where are Lisa and John ? they are at the college .
that 's pretty amazing too , right ?
but I was a lazy woman , so I got tired of going there when I finished about . .
meanwhile , Shintaro Imaizumi is often made a fool by his boss , Furuhata .
thanks for all the correction made for us and we hope to get help in the coming years .
the tradition of this holiday is based on the miracle that occurred a long time ago .
scientists have proved that music is n't only a combination of sounds , it is also a reflex , which can influence us .
I have one younger brother .
I have a good friend .
if the show is over , I tend to find a new one to watch .
I am looking forward to hear from you .
when you enjoy them , you need to follow some rules of etiquette .
I hope I can control my equipment .
latin America and Spain have a lot to offer .
I was studied ' ability English morning class ' for 5 weeks .
it was about a rock-climber who one day decides to go out for a tour in the canyons . it was about a rock-climber , who one day decides to go out for a tour of the canyons .
if I can , I 'll go soon !
I came home and I was relaxing ; listening to songs , using the laptop , and playing the piano .
of course we can become friends I will care about you and would want to share with you my things .
the title of the book is about sense and sensibility .
these days I have n't used my body so I decided to go to swimming today .
now I can write simple stuff in English and I can read a few lines too .
it could cause confusion if free trade was forced over the world .
I 'm working at the hospital as a nurse .
at the beginning of this year , I heard about a book called " defence of Socrates " .
I have an australian friend , and I told him about Lang-8.
then I tried to make a second phone call to the ask location of the company .
there are 2 main types of Tarot-card deck , one is English , the other is French .
I think there are many people who want to talk to japanese in japanese .
one of them says to her , " you can change your mind over and over .
moreover I have a strong desire to learn about polish culture and visit all of your country .
I do n't have any specialty such as nursing , accouting , teaching , or anything like that .
I know I need to give my children my blessing and not worry .
-Sometimes , those photographs consist of images of people 's faces and car plates that might cause privacy problems .
actually , I felt relieved that snow has not arrived yet .
this legendary army was disbanded in 1826 by Sultan Mahmud ii .
I think these activities have affected my personality in a positive way .
do you know what hey fever is ?
one of my younger friends want to be a voice actor .
we came back home drinking a caramel Macchiato from Starbucks in my car .
however , according to the weather forecast , there will be heavy rain this weekend .
I also have a small dog .
today , I took the TOEIC , which is an English test .
I think today is a wonderful day , I can do some things I want to do .
my goal is to run 2 kilometers per day .
I went to the electrical store at the next station and bought it .
anyway , I have to do my best for him .
what he did is not a good thing .
the capital of Papua New Guinea .
my aim is to go on a trip around the world .
I saw the meerkat in an animal documentary when I was a child .
I 'm a university student and I 'm 20 years old .
deer ate away almost all the buds .
there is staff , they may be cute , lovely .
but you will also be making presentations and seminars about our products , as well as participate in any trade fairs .
I want to go to NY and watch a baseball game in yankee stadium .
I started studying chinese about 3 years ago and I can talk just a little bit with chinese people .
I have to study to get a qualification .
probably because I told her a useful piece of information a few days ago .
so despite sounding like some exotic form of matter , antibubbles are actually just as common as regular bubbles .
I 'm seriously fat , and I need to be thin . . . .
in such view , " Momokuro " are very good performers .
she called us and and asked when we will be available .
so sometimes I am angry .
correcting slides of a graduate student .
what calls for special attention is that reading which can take you out of a bad mood can get you anywhere .
I 'm writing about japanese culture .
" why ca n't I say no ? " .
this type of construction can explain the physical appearance of some of the villages in Spain .
for some reason , she was left behind and had to live there alone .
I knew you might be in danger and I am still wondering whether I could see you with a smile .
apart from that , I 've gone out to go trekking with friends .
I think it 's okay .
using the internet , you can do business with people from all over the world .
however , people who speak English as a mother tongue are less than who speak other languages .
hi , friends .
I 'm going to bed . I feel sleepy now .
that day , I did n't go to the observatory ,
I did so because my american friend told me " you should ignore black guys who talk to you .
and now , black metal music is my new fascination . I like the challenge of trying different things and practicing random skills , so I have a lot of fascinations .
sometimes salesclerks have asked me , " please buy a soda for me ! " and I 've said , " buy it yourself , because you work . "
Petersburg not the northern Venice , but rather Venice - southern St .
I told her that I ca n't do it .
I hope someone will teach me English and I will teach you spanish .
do n't push away people who care about you , because one day they will not come back .
in more detail , as I mentioned in the first paragraph , some of the contents are not real , so people could confuse this world with the fictional world .
we are really into doing gymnastics ardently .
so I can eat whatever I want and get in shape ?
I think that other people would just say that he is a terrible , mean and narcissistic guy who has no interest in other people 's feelings .
do we have any other choice ?
in addition , these experts emphasize that Pisa is an organ of the OECD and this is an organization that , by its nature and objectives , will always enlarge the role of economics in education .
I was riding on a mountain by bike and I could see a beautiful landscape .
in the next post , I 'll try to translate my resume .
thank you for that ! !
I 've been learning English for 3 years and german for 12.
when I have it , I can relax and get rid of my tiredness .
so , I am planning my trip . maybe I will go to France , Croatia , republic of czech , SWITZELAND , Belgium , etc .
they are so opposite , but they like each other .
after she told me those words , I recovered my excitement .
I love my city and my life .
yesterday , I saw on the internet an american photographer 's pictures which were made to promote the adoption of black cats .
when people see their extended family members less often , they find it difficult to maintain a close relationship , and tend to consider them less important than the immediate family--parents , brothers , sisters and children .
do you know this other line ?
and if I do n't play with him , sometimes he cries .
money likes a comfortable bed , which means your wallet should be new and clean .
dramas like 24 or something are too difficult for me .
I often think about philosophical questions , and I am of the buddhist faith , so the world view is pretty different between my religious and my skeptical side .
we looked at the big round yellow moon .
my hobbies are reading books and listening to music , especially I like rock music .
I will try to write a new entry sometime soon .
Guys , I want to know how to learn spoken English easily .
so , what I need right now is to restore my confidence in my words , but in English .
what do you think about the Callan method for learning English ?
I brushed my teeth then made instant noodles for breakfast .
I think we would rather just get half of the money in the first place .
I 'd be very happy if you would correct any awkward sentences .
recently , my work has been hard , and I ca n't go there .
in Japan , the typhoon flooded the river .
when I have some free time I like to chaton the internet with my friends .
after hearing what I had to say , the person I was talking to told me that he had no interest in science .
I want become a good English speaker . . .
however , I do like the japanese stand-in voice for Darrin .
sleeping is a wonderful thing for many people , but not for a rhinitis sufferer .
you may be wondering if it had an operational system like windows or mac OSX or not .
happy birthday , mom ! !
the internet is an actual component of a full human life .
so I hope today will be a better day and my mood will be more positive .
hello dear friend ,
another reason for this is that the system ignores the fact that not all the researchers have the ability to have many publications , which may resultin serious plagiarism .
I am looking for somebody who could help me improve my listening and speaking skills .
I speak chinese a little , but do n't speak English . . .
now come to think about it .
this undesirable idea may stem from the ceaseless japanese economic recession .
sparkling , flaring up , and shaking to the measurable pulse of its arteries .
but on the contrary , his private life was full of scandals .
it has been raining for days .
maybe he was pretending he was travelling in snowy mountains or in Alaska .
I want to spend good time with them during the last 3 weeks !
meanwhile , many articles about homosexual research started to appear , such as in Hong Kong and Taiwan .
I am a boy .
I 'm a korean girl and this year I 'm a university student .
if it happens to old people , they will fail to help themselves .
I feel so lonely , and need someone to hold me , but it seems like he does n't miss me as much as I miss him .
but this time , Daisuke Takahashi was invited to perform , even though he is only ranked 6th .
the weather is very nice today so I will try to wash my clothes .
today my husband came back from a business trip .
hi , I 'm Lilia , this is my nickname .
it 's not necessary to pretend to be someone else .
in fact , my dream is to go study abroad in the US .
but there were no more tickets .
until how long do we need to go ?
it 's a moment of companionship and joy that lasts about three or four weeks .
actually this is a kind of famous psychological experiment .
I think " in front of the audience " is better and more natural . . .
he should have been more careful .
we sleep like we slept before birth
I ate noodles with my friends , Tomoe and Yuki .
though I answer these questions , my legs tremble every time .
I have to go to sleep ASAP .
I think it will make my English writing skills better .
so I enjoyed the trip with minimum English speaking .
I spent all of the time in my bed until work time .
the text criticises Japan 's adjustment to Western ideals , and the adaptation of materialism , which makes it inferior to the West .
for example , the industrial revolution improved London 's economy , but caused air pollution .
I started using " Lang-8 " yesterday because I want to speak English well .
I 'm korean , I live in Seoul and I 'm a Hong dae university student .
however , looking at fiscal year 2009 , the production of the manufacturing and mining sectors is reduced by the economic downturn and in the industrial sector , energy consumption is significantly reduced . the final consumption year-by-year declined 2.2% .
for example , " could I have a latte , please ? "
weaving through the opposite team with light footwork and scoring a goal is also awesome .
every week I look forward to your reply , but recently I do n't receive it .
my habit is staying up late at night .
my best friend Hyebin came to busan to meet me .
he told me he had new projects underway , and we agreed to work together in the construction of a new sound studio .
I usually work very fast from my imagination , so my studio is always full .
" I cannot see him again without any make-up on , " I said to myself .
when he heard about that from his son at his bedside , he was choked with tears .
I moved when I was an elementary school student , a junior high school student , a high school student , and a university student .
Singer , lyricist Bobu Dyuran acquired a novel literature reward after one night .
today is my first day using Lang-8Today is the first time I used Lang-8.
recently , it 's become famous for the long bridge to Awajishima Island .
it is very essential for making different types of dishes , such as fried-food , marinated food and stewed meat .
I do n't go to sea in Japan .
it is widely known that Ukraine was annexed by the russian empire in the 18th century .
this idea was raised by NASA who launched the idea to amateur astronauts . they were surprised to see that many had registered for a one way ticket .
I continued to cough hard .
I am not a pudding person , but I enjoyed it a lot !
the teacher in my high school held like a tea party in which we could talk with her american friends , so I joined it .
today , I went to my mother 's parents ' house with my family .
now I 'm drinking Oronamin C .
is there are any diffenrence in payment between japanese people and foreign people ?
it 's important to us that it is clean because we transport medical devices that must be very clean !
I always said to everyone who I met that " there are 2 things about the weather in Thailand , first is hot and second is very very hot "
unfortunately , the method did n't help me .
I wonder what day today is ?
but the state deliberately protects only public office and penalizes meritocracy and the investments in innovation .
by now , I have been the main force of the engineering department .
I hope to perform at a club .
succeed to have a girlfriend in using my invention of watching a movie .
there are obviously some thingst I would definitely try if I get a chance to visit Korea .
when I was a kid , I really liked to watch horror movies and hear ghost stories .
if we both can remember all the words , we can kiss each other .
she was a very smart and beautiful Lady .
even if I can find them , they 're more expensive than a few years ago .
thank you for your corrections ! ! !
it found that eating just three ounces of meat a day increases the risk of dying by 13% .
some relatives were surprised that my daughter is taller than I am and that she wore a junior high school 's uniform .
I went to yankee stadium and watched the Yankees vs Texas game .
I have no idea how native speakers feel .
second , getting a job is quite difficult in Japan .
I 'll post texts related to my work , drawing , design , history of arts .
such governmental intervention is ineffective at reducing the consequences of the inflation in that country .
I am not going to tell you how good my Nokia phone is because " windows " phones are obviously far weaker than either " android " or " iOS " phones , but what I would like to say is :
it is exceedingly distant from earth , approximately 2.5 million light-years , but we can observe it with the naked eye due to its size .
I played tennis this morning at F-Tennis .
we often go climbing at mt Rokko .
B : what typeof role did she play in pitch perfect ?
today has been a good and sunny day .
our future would be different but now we have same purpose .
I have to say last night I stayed up late to prepare for my statistics final exam , and had a headache when I get up . . .
I 'd rather take only the best from life !
sometimes I prefer taking photos of nature in Russia .
meet the reindeers in Phoenix Park in Ireland .
even though I know I can go on and talk about the idea of identity in all the readings , I 'm just too lazy to sit down and write the whole thing down .
and didn`t work anymore .
one day I 'll go to Ireland !
our ancestors did n't have letters , so they used chinese characters instead .
I 'm italian , and I live in Rome .
I 'm studying English on my own .
they adopted them separately without being told the truth that the girls were twins sisters .
so I ca n't understand why she got the job , but I could n't .
and most importantly , we had something in common .
there are 12 students now in my class . "
it was a nice breeze .
I tried to use the time usefully .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you already .
appearance at work is often more important than others factors , because it 's the first thing you can see in a person , and you can base your opinion only on it .
there is also drama , but I 'm not gonna talk about it because drama is human and on every website , and I do n't care about it and just unfollow people involved in it .
the circus 's ceo said that many of their animals , especially the reptiles , _ never perform .
my favourite game music
once , the head teacher of the school asked to assess the records of all the students from the beginning of their learning in school .
I 'll help you as soon as possible if you want to study japanese .
it is a humorous and heartwarming story about a mentally challenged father and his daughter .
if I pass the exam I will be able to start teaching English to children here in Colombia . I 'm very happy about this .
however I want to communicate with businessmen from various countries .
finally the train reached the station where I get off , and we exchanged our email addresses .
I noticed the fact that there was little garbage in the street .
my hobbies and interests are piano , healthy cooking , gardening , international literature and travelling .
plus , the situation is getting worse due to the lack of humanitarian aid which has been reduced in the last years , in part as a consequence of sanctions imposed on Korea , in retaliation of its nuclear program which also increased the isolation of what is considered the most isolated country in the world .
I cannot help but wait for it .
but I accept this challenge to achieve this goal .
I 'm in the mountains " Tatry " in Poland .
the rain was very intense .
and he 's always sure to put his cello on the seat next to his when he uses a taxi .
I do n't know how to brush up on my reading .
I do n't think this medicine will work but I hope it will , otherwise , I 'll be stuck with a scope inside my nose .
it takes time , but I still want to become a so-called trilingual in what is left of this year .
there is a question which has puzzled me for a long time and that is how to write in a natural way .
I am new to Lang-8.
I have read books that give some suggestions about it at the bookstore .
we were forced to perform an immediate landing and flights were stopped for all of that day .
in the back yard there are wells which are several horror stories .
now , I have an opinion about reading books in another language .
I believe the day will come soon .
I will stay at B&B , and I want to feel the local lifestyle .
of course I wrote a wish and hung it on a bamboo .
on second thought , the best way to find a good flatmate is to share the flat with friends .
I received a New year 's card from my friend 's family whom I travelled abroad with in 2000.
however , the train 's door was already closed .
after that , we went to a local beer house , and walked around the town , then we finally got to the restaurant , which was our main purpose .
right in the moment when you are about to give up on everyone they come and steal your heart and show you love still exists . about the time you 're ready to give up on everyone , they come along , steal your heart , and show you that love still exists .
I will surely do it again .
as you may know , I started Facebook this year .
suddenly , I am sorry
but my heart talk to me said , you are right , you already ca n't agree to this company 's rules and system , and you already not feel very happy , just for the high salary . . .
I hope you find it .
the other day , my son got a fever .
but , I have felt the importance of studying and speaking English since I had entered college three years ago .
it is considered a group of people , if they are caring about each other ; they are looking after you , staying beside you , containing you as a parents .
I thought these paintings were colourful and sophisticated , also they are very remarkable at painting beautiful women .
it does n't just appear , it is the result of a long friendship and the feeling is very valuable .
but my English is not good .
during the examination period , we had to accomplish six classes in five days .
they finally found their favourite once , so I ordered them just then .
however , now I feel really good when I do this type of exercise .
I would throw tea parties with my dolls and imagined myself as a chief with many others .
it 's going to be the great opportunity to use my spanish skills .
maybe HTC butterfly 2 is the bestchoice for me .
he keeps them with him even when sleeping .
I believe even a great writer can not imagine a story totally isolated from the real world .
the chinese government also said to him that he has no qualification for representative .
I want to become a real artist .
working time recorded on the system is checked against the time record in the card reader .
it 's a sort of omelette with meat and some vegetables .
after thinking a lot , I decided to do something about this . . .
I am japanese and I am studying English .
I 'm sorry if I wrote a very short journal I just wanted to post my first diary entry .
I reckon she just wants me to listen , too .
I always try new recipes , which makes me very happy .
from my perspective , I believe that highly accomplished people achieve more than others because they expect more of themselves .
there are firs , beeches , and birches .
after this part there are a lot of pages about Arwa searching for the reason why she is seeing herself as a 35-year-old woman instead of a 24-year-old girl she feels inside and why everything around her feels the same except her .
in my imagination , some shops may be filled with people .
sometimes , I think that if I could sleep for about 50 years it would be fantastic because my bed is too comfortable to do some assignments or leave for my part time job .
in the Winter olympics figure skating Short program segment , Mao Asada , a japanese competitor , finished in 16th place .
those were the good old days ! : D
I 'm at DOCOMO to change my phone 's settings , and I 'm waiting for my sister .
I 'm on the train now . . .
I struggled against the bulb and felt pain in both of my ar Ms. . .
I finished a book called " English grammar in use " today .
they were making the Okonomiyaki noisily .
however , my main home is in Japan and so of course I am also learning the japanese language .
do you remember how we used to eat lilacs with five petals ?
they say that the more lightning strikes a rice field , the better it would taste .
however , I want to leave the environment in good condition for my children .
it is necessary for us to understand others well and have language skills good enough to talk to foreigners , such as English .
today , I had an English exam called CET6 . I felt sad , because I had already done it twice , but I still had n't passed it .
firstly , we have more things which are much more deserving of money than space , like medicine , education , etc .
if you want to make your own ice cream , please have a look at this recipe .
challenging , right ?
but I like to try everything interesting .
I want to cry because recently my salary is so low .
it cost 3,500 yen , but my company helps pay for part of the fee .
the wall scrolls , however , are different from those in the point that we roll them up and can make them smaller .
the american friend said that you like your employer and you are jealous .
first , the government ought to prolong the length of time for education and work .
he fought with his friends at the karate lesson .
with passion , it takes a longer time , but we can harvest it 3 times during its life cycle .
it isnice to get acquainted with people .
also , if we use cash , we have to pay an extra fee .
Fraunhofer continued the experiment with other stars , observing that the color set changed : sometimes the rainbow was blue and purple , other times it was red and yellow .
however , I am still a beginner .
I think you get to used it no matter how they are designed , though .
it 's somehow an " okay " loneliness , in which I do n't feel like I 'm attached to always being the giver , I 'm really fine with living on my own , taking time to also care about myself .
my English is slightly , itty-bitty accented which is not really a big deal , of course , given that the majority of speakers of English as a second-language usually speak with an accent .
we think that american people very really love America and are very proud of their homeland .
in conclusion , gaining money is not the only way for a person to be nominated as a successful individual .
so I enjoyed it .
I hated them so much as everyone was a newcomer once and I can feel the unwelcome atmosphere . it really made people feel awkward and uncomfortable and I promised myself that I would never do this to anyone .
we 're staying at home and I am reading a novel .
could you give me some advice ?
I leave my flat at 5:10 and go to my work by car .
I also like my phone because it contains various applications .
larger cities contain not only a larger number of people but also wider varieties of people .
it 's sunny today so I am really hot .
now , it is two whole weeks that I have been a sophomore , and it is very different than my freshman life .
in both cases , the presidential campaign began many years before D-Day .
I am especially interested in Mount Jiri , the big mountain representing that community , and the studies and literature of intellectuals who lived near there in the Joseon dynasty .
it causes many muscles to tighten and relax , with the consequent benefits for your body and your health .
I have a cat and a dog and I really enjoy my time with them .
my name is Aya , and I 've been studying English for 4 years .
A Lang-8er introduced the song to me about one year ago .
and if you has listened to some of their records , you have realized that the drum is essential to their music .
my favourite cities are Paris , Nice and Vienna .
people need to realize what 's going on . governments need to unify and work together as the world is becoming more dangerous every day .
however , this rain and wind may make them fall prematurely .
it seems interesting , but I feel a little tired .
my boss always asks me , " how can you make money from such a game ? "
so I will write diaries that I was not able to write for some time . so I will write entries because I was not able to write for some time . so I will write entries that I was not able to write before .
I will check the " cook pad . "
I 've not been posting on Lang-8 for about three weeks but I 'll start to write again as part of my English training .
well , I do n't have a New year 's resolution this year , but I 'd like to bring myself up day by day .
it is the end of the school year not for me , but for my children .
in addition , as the economy of America declines , many labs there are short of funding , so it is more and more difficult for chinese students to find american labs that have enough funding to support foreign students .
it is so difficult for me to focus on the class .
but , I really want to speak English fluently .
when korean pop culture rocketed to popularity in Asia , more and more taiwanese girls jumped on the bandwagon .
I 'm not sure how I ended up buying that shirt even though I did n't like it .
during that period I did n't speak or listen to german at all , only English , japanese and norwegian , so my head was like paralyzed .
speaking of this , we need talk about " feudal superstition . "
actually , we are in a virtual world in a sense .
this is my first post .
I like e-mail to some extent ; however , these days even people in the same office sometimes communicate with email .
according to him , I should go abroad a lot while a university student , because some students have a lot of free time .
he can play guitar as he sings .
this album is much more melodic than the other once , with more piano and guitar solos . . , and , at the same time , it has that feeling of distress and melancholy that fits very well with the wintry landscape of destruction and bleakness that they try to recall is more intense here . this album is much more melodic than the other once ; it has more piano and guitar solos . at the same time , it has that feeling of distress and melancholy that fit very well with the wintry landscape and bleakness that they recall with more intensity here .
every time I see snow , I miss snowboarding so much .
my friend Ik Chan said there was a call for me from the home delivery driver .
I spent the weekend at a relative 's house .
my knowledge of the English is rudimentary , and about the same as german and Kazakh .
however , at that time I was just too busy to come here to take a look .
but the fact is that it may show me how much I 've lost again . . .
today , I attended an English chat club held by college students .
I have used insecticide ; nevertheless why do they still live ?
without this class I would not know about Bio and resumes , though these are popular in the global job hunting market .
while the wealthy class sends their children to boarding schools in Europe and the United States , less affluent people emigrate to asian countries to get their children into international schools with their father remaining in Japan to work and send money to their family --- this seems to be the preferred type of letting children study abroad .
in Nha Trang you can travel by car , train , or plane .
however , the regulations can help children to identify from right and wrong , in order to behave properly .
I 'd be happy to be corrected .
hello , I 'm Youssef El Bakhtaoui , I 'm a moroccan from Marrakech and I 'm very happy to join this website which some friends recommended me to use .
May is the season for new green tea
Under the circumstances , the right choice is to push forward a win-win solution and our common goal is to achieve sustainable development .
I have had an argument with a student a week ago , which has beenis bothering me till now .
I will have a business trip to North America in August .
there was a mass murder that occurred in the Kanto region , which included Tokyo .
what about you in your country -- is it necessary to go to college ? and what about the way to college , is it easy or difficult ?
today , I visited an office where my co-worker works in Meguro .
I watched tv for a while , while drinking a cup of tea .
they do not like conceptual art that need culture and knowledge .
I 'm a native spanish speaker , and I will be more than happy to help you if you are interested .
I remained embittered , and sometimes I am reminded of the girl 's sad face .
besides , I could n't get any rest even though I was tired ; I could n't sleep well because I had to keep checking on the students when I went on outdoor activities last year .
so I choose this website to improve my writing skills as well as help others to improve their writing skills in chinese .
I remembered that she liked coffee , so we took a cup of coffee after my class finished .
in my opinion , the best place to celebrate a reception of a wedding is a wedding hall .
I 've never played any online mobile game before .
this is one of the best seasons in Japan .
it 's a bit of a strange phrase , I think .
to support this , he cites the statistics regarding people who were injured in accidents .
as we all know , we just celebrated the national day holiday .
I saw many beautiful place and ate a lot of delicious food .
when she is watching drama or romantic movies she always breaks down in tears .
it 's time to study for a test !
it was so terrible .
I do n't think that I will have a chance to use English , but since the job description says that there is almost no overtime , it 's good for me to spend my private time studying for my graduate school and playing the fiddle .
when I took the train , two girls around the age of 8 came to sell plastic bottles of mineral water .
this is the reason why many travelers want to visit museums during their travels .
I could n't sleep well because my body itched . . . .
I thought that it might be tough to go on the Africa safari tour .
my hobbies are watching tv and playing volleyball .
we resemble each other quite a lot .
in particular , the number of cars used for more than 12 years , has skyrocketed .
I have had the opportunity to speak English a lot , but I do n't feel confident about writing .
these days , I 'm experiencing a slump .
since I have n't been writing or listening to any English lately , I feel like I 'm forgetting English !
thanks to her I had the courage to go to the toilet .
in Japan , it hot in summer and the wind is so strong in winter , that it is not a climate suited to eat on the Terrace .
apart from that , the abuse of phones can cause physiological influence on the human body .
that it is being accustomed to using English in daily life .
I have much interest in English and I want to learn it well . I hope that we can help each other .
when a korean who have typical characters of ' hurry , hurry ' meet with the cultures of India , it might affect negatively to the projects due to less logical by koreans , time consumption for decision-making by indians and request of very strict principles of work .
I like this season .
I quit work last year and made a company .
everyone is familiar with this picture representing the evolution of humanity by showing something that looks like a chimpanzee slowly changing into a modern male human being .
I and my friend will go to Venice in Italy .
on Sunday I cooked sukiyaki .
more than a week ago , I signed up for a Lang-8 account and I hope all members on this website will help me to improve my writing and English .
but I understand little of what she says , meanwhile she almost perfectly understand what I say .
if you are interested in speaking with me , please add me as your friend in skype .
I hope that I will be able to post an entry once in a while .
it 's all words from the bottom of my heart .
the government has a few problems about not only the unemployed people but also irregular workers as well .
" Ki " means " something strange " and " rei " means " beautiful " .
the brothers decided to demonstrate a balloon rising in air .
I am a chinese girl . . .
he dedicated his limited life to the limitless job of establishing a peaceful world , free from conflict and violence , through moderate and gradual methods .
I do n't have enough time to go shopping , read novels , go to good restaurants , and so on .
New books have many new ideas and things to imagine .
at that time I was studying 7 classes , while my sister was studying freshman year in Vinh university .
since I was busy at the hospital , I was not able to write anything on Lang-8.
I ca n't believe it will be finished .
about three months ago , I travelled to South-America and I met a japanese there .
I went to a stake house that I 'd been wanting to go to .
they use a lot of phrasal verbs like " throw down " , " lay down " , " shoot out " , " throw away " and more .
in order for my family to become happy , I would like to live by myself .
we discussed the progress of our current project .
I do n't have any bread .
Macropinna microstoma is a deep sea fish .
then my mother , sisters and I went to visit my brother 's wife .
this link only works on the youtube android application
for the past three days , I woke up early for my job .
why do n't they ? they do n't express their emotion , the other people never know what is on their mind .
he has regular routines , such as weighing himself twice a day and preparing his clothes for next day .
my classmates laughed at the teacher by mimicking him with malice .
unfortunately , febrile seizures sometimes happen to him even though he is already 6.
I want to read them , but I have something to do that is more important than that .
but in my personal opinion eating like an italian does n't mean cooking italian dishes .
I played the game throughout the day for a long time .
I want to cry again and again .
the internet is really useful to look up what we want to know ,
I 'd like to improve English skills !
I predict that the store will be congested , because tomorrow is a holiday .
he is 7-years old .
when you make the breakfast , you can watch news on the screen .
I do n't think I showed them enough about me .
the first , Brooke , died before seeing the horror of war and it is the reason he had a fervent idealism .
I only know few words .
as I wrote in my previous post , my daughters started their new grades in their elementary school .
we installed a new program last Wednesday .
Will you have a time of focusing on your body and mind in a relaxing atmosphere ?
" when teachers ask me to write down my dream i from my childhood , I always write that I wanted to be a policewoman .
I hope he sleeps it off and forgives me in the end .
I am from France , but I living in Hong Kong .
so the main thing for me is to do it on a regular basis .
another reason is that Russia is a modern , free-market country with all forms of massmedia such as the internet and satellite television , and people like to try new products as well as different kinds of fast food .
I helped my wife write a report last night .
I 'll be glad if you correct my writing .
so I joined this community .
I should have put on a raincoat ; fortunately , I had one .
it 's so nice , but many immigrant workers have to leave their families to go to the coastal cities for higher pay .
I said he looked like her , and she was happy to hear that .
that 's why people tend to connect tattoos and yakuza ; because that history has been giving japanese people the impression that those who have tattoos have not grown up in a good living environment ; therefore , they end up committing crimes .
I began to go to an English writing class this month .
at those times , I can sometimes predict the next question which my partner will ask me , and prepare the answer for it .
I need to unexpectedly go on business trip to China . I need to go on an urgent business trip to China . I need to go on an unexpected business trip to China .
May in Krakow this year is exceptionally cold .
I was amazed !
for this question , I 'm trying to learn new words everyday .
but as you build the vocabulary of the computer language , you begin to grasp the language standards , and then based on the knowledge of the standards , you can explore further .
what is the government doing to boost employment among the young ?
but , I want to choose a job because I 've been sacrificing various things .
my dream is to go to London and New York .
my favourite thing is to eat sweets alone at midnight .
I probably , need to find some places in Japan where many English speakers stay .
I bought those from an online shopping site , and they look almost the same as how they looked on the web page .
I just applied for just 4 companies , but most of the newly-graduated students applied for more than 10 companies .
in the hospital , I could n't sleep well during the nights , but at home , I could sleep very well .
so I went to bed earlier than any other day .
when I woke up this morning , I saw my city covered with a huge layer of snow .
no one lives alone , I need them , I need you .
as soon as he go out , his mother called out to him and told him to return to his room immediately .
do you know the japanese techno pop group " perfume " ?
I encountered this creature when I went to school in the morning .
but there were many cold days in February this year , so it is forecasted that flowering of Sakura will be late five days or so in comparison with the usual year .
however , I have no choice but to do it .
I live in ha know , Viet Nam .
it is good to decrease the fixed cost for financial prospects .
even though I can read and write , I think that listening is the most difficult part .
I am sure that employees crave recognition , for fulfilling themselves professionally .
my name is Sally and I 'm a student who really wants to improve her English skill .
today , it is only used in small towns .
most shop owners would gave them some money to avoid any trouble .
hi , I 'm Juan Carlos . I 'm from Ecuador and I am here in this web site in order to improve my knowledge in English , especially in writing .
I have to go to school everyday .
however , I have n't made any plans yet .
because of my job I need English .
okay , I will see you there .
because every first Saturday of the month is a work day at my company .
I like indoor culture , but I have been trying out outdoor culture recently .
I assure you whatever mistakes you find in my passage or what ever feedback you would like to give are most welcome .
today , I finish my semester .
let 's do it together !
I really do n't know what to say about myself .
I live in Moscow , study anthropology and like the sea .
more than half of the items are already completed as was planned .
how not to impress the girls when you go abroad .
it 's the reason why difficult universities do n't allow us to use them .
her school has four tennis courts and her seniors let her grade use a court .
unfortunately I do n't have a kite , so I could not join their group .
but I learned a lot more about my job
according to ISTAT , the italian statistics office , in 2012 nearly half of the italian population was said to be strongly interested in environmental issues and to be active in recycling , particularly in the northern regions and especially in Trentino Alto Adige .
laptop computers and smartphones are very useful items for students .
I 've come to Lang-8 because I really want to improve my English , especially my written English . as you know , English is not my native language , so I often have difficulty with it .
I liked Bruce Lee who was a very famous actor , then I named myself Bruce Kim .
it was good for going the festival because I met some friends in a long time .
I`m Kate and I`m russian
this is my hiding place .
some of them only speak English , so I have to speak English to take orders , and we do n't have an English menu , so I have to explain dishes if customers ask about them .
when my daughter asked me about pets , I said , " no , no way . "
I 'm a little fat , so I 'm trying to lose weight via playing basketball .
I remember that when he arrived in Australia , he had no friends , but I was glad to be his friend .
its goal is to develop the economy and the society in developing areas .
comedy or affectionate film or others ? as for me , I really love the 3 idiots .
I 'm developing 3DCG software for a professional artist , this function is for rotating 3D objects by using a matrix or quaternion .
it 's a very good show for me to watch while having fun studying English .
there were too many obstacles cropping up during my practice for the TEM4 speaking test .
I went to Okinawa .
the reason is the USPS has the package if the package is in new York . because , the USPS has the package if it 's in New York .
I thought about doing my best in studying English .
my English teacher is a chinese who used to work as an interpreter .
its main purpose is to view the cherry blosso Ms.
it 's really fun and when I spend time with them I 'm so happy !
I just finished composing a couple of decks for the upcoming meeting with the global team .
I saw many sellers selling many glass of chai on trays in the bus terminal and the market place .
now I 'm home , I 'll go rest a little , because in a few hours I 've got to go to school and I have to wake up early to prepare my school stuff .
I would like to be able to understand English speech without an interpreter as soon as possible .
maybe next month I 'll move there .
I hope that this internship is a good opportunity for you .
afterwards , we ate takoyaki , spit-roasted cutlet and okonomiyaki and enjoyed Osaka .
however , I 'm worried about security .
many libraries today have invested heavily on multimedia devices such as computers , and I believe that this change can be beneficial to many readers .
because I had a lot of work , I bought a box lunch at the convenience store .
it is clear that ' baseball ' is the most popular club activity for both men and women at 310 . this is followed by ' none ' and then finally ' tennis ' at 240 and 210 respectively .
I 'm tired .
I understand these are not good personalities , but I enjoy my shortcomings .
what amuses me more is that I have noticed that the book has a lot of mistakes and holes in the story .
my english writing exercise .
I feel so sad . I did not really want to do this but I decided to because I wanted to improve my grades and do homework . my career is hard and I do n't feel happy . I hate having to be here , trying my best . I really miss them so much .
I 've spent a lot of time playing video games even though there were things to do today .
I only want to say this .
I really wish I did not need to transfer here .
A freely supported gyro is a spinning mass mounted on its supported and protecting case so that the case can be turned and translated in any direction without causing torques that disturb the angular orientation of the rotor axis relative to its inertial space .
so I should care about sometimes drinking water .
to be honest , I 'm afraid of water because I 'm bad at swimming .
" Choco crow " is a chocolate croissant .
he said , " hey guys !
they continue to learn to read , write , and count .
it is difficult to decide on a place to live .
I was surfing the internet looking for some good websites for hiragana beginners .
therefore , I should buy a lot of milk on bargain day .
the title is " purple princess and seven dwarfs " .
unfortunately , in my region spring is very short and summer comes quickly !
10 years ago , this company challenged the japanese market , but this challenge failed .
I would like to have some moments only for me more often .
I am not a person that stays at home during the entire vacation doing nothing .
they are part of our family .
anyway , there was one funny thing that I noticed .
he is visiting America for the first time .
at the same time , though , my conversational level of English at the moment is average , simply due to fact that I do n't have the opportunity to communicate in English very often .
there were many tour programs which were led by tour guides in Hawaii , but every program would take us to many places , such as the royal hawaiian center .
which sentence is more natural ?
though they are different from the conventional communities , online communities are more active than traditional once , and it is more convenient for young people to dedicate their energy and time to those communities .
today I want to tell you about what happened a few days ago .
you can definitely learn many words that may look ' aloof ' , but trust me , some of the words you get from dictionaries such as Merriam-Webster and Collins may never appear in daily life conversations of american people .
oh , I could n't find a toilet seat cover yet .
my advice to you when you 're dealing with this personality do not create animosities and instigate problems and put yourself in a spiral of conflict just because you feel that these personalities are uncomfortable or a harassing presence
time to count how many things I have to do .
well , I think for some people it must sound quite boring correcting manuscripts and texts for professional journals and such , but I 've got to admit that it really is something I could imagine me doing as a future job .
something 's wrong and I know it , but I ca n't pinpoint what it is .
it was a clear day , so I could take many photos of airplanes .
so I do n't know what kind of thing I need to write here but I 'm going to try and put something good so you can correct me .
japanese society loses many talented people because of this .
all of them are office worker so we will play the game after work from 8 pm to 10 pm .
helping people always makes me happy , so I will love my job .
my third favourite thing is eating snacks , watching tv , movies , or manga .
I guess it 's because korean people do not speak good English .
I 'm Johnny , a 16-year-old boy from China .
you said that you were working out because of an event in two weeks . I know you will be in Indonesia for a concert at that time so are you perhaps preparing for dancing or something like that ? or maybe am I 'm wrong , I 'm very curious , could you tell me ?
the magazine article explained that voodoo is a set of magical beliefs and practices used as a form of religion in some parts of Africa , the West Indies , South America and particularly by the people of Haiti .
but after my mathematics exam I was very tired . therefore I could n't study very well for electromagnetism .
I think this is cheaper in the long run .
I have to go to Osaka with my father and sister , but I do n't want to for some reason . ORI have to go to Osaka with my father and sister , but I do n't want to for certain reasons .
if it is n't correct , please tell me the correct answer .
however , I had a good washing mate , so I could do it relatively easily .
finally , I 've finished a paper for my major . . . orI 've just finished a paper for my major .
my most favourite fruit is the watermelon .
here are some argentinian songs to have fun !
I hope it will be a calm day tomorrow .
I am from Japan , but I 'm living in Germany for my masters degree .
I became interested in it when I invested my money for the first time 6 months ago .
theater is a place where stories comes alive .
my job makes me exhausted .
I like basketball , girls , and languages .
I want to communicate with many people and have a good time through a conversation ! !
only nothingness could have existed at that time , with an abrupt appearance of the universe which followed .
if I 'm gazing at them , I feel like I 'm seeing the face of Nero .
for the past four months , I have learnt English in Oxford .
I am a college student in China and I want to improve my English writing skills , so I chose some English books to read like " Harry Potter " or " the Lord of the rings . " now , I am working on the first book , " Harry Potter and the sorcerer 's Stone . " I have already read half of the book , which just took about ten days , but I want to know that how much time would take a native English speaker to read this book .
15 years later , they rose slightly to 19% and 16% respectively .
I 've started doing my chinese literature homework . I hope you have a nice weekend !
the first day was definitely one of the most tiring once , because most of our daytime was filled with bus travel through Italy , where we enjoyed the abundance of its fields and hills .
the place was a small town in Massachusetts , North America .
Kakuryu is obviously a yokozuna , but he did n't practice enough , so he failed .
basically , 30% of the total cost is paid by copayment and the rest is paid by the system , which is financed by contributions and public expenditure .
I know she is comfortable since she narrows her eyes to a line , looking like a smile .
now they both are in a museum and marble is sad because people stand on him , and at the same time statue is happy because he receives the praise of the crowd .
but , unfortunately , he is taking a few days off . "
it was from a japanese tv program .
I was aware of the obvious fact that humans flourishing is not a mechanical process , I was convinced on the idea there is a need for revolution in education .
so I went to a big town near my house by bicycle .
then , I worked on making a document to compare the estimates that I got from a few waste dealers .
I am very happy to talk with a new friend .
he answered that Santa Claus rode on the reindeer .
I think the blossoms that are scattered by the wind are the most beautiful .
Under normal circumstances they take three weeks to get you a license . however , if you have any complications in your application like a health issue or other something else then it might take longer .
it 's very good for mothers with small babies because they are not required to work at night or weekend shifts , but with the new workers , in contrast , there is not enough shift rotation , and they have to work all night or weekend shifts .
tomorrow will be tough unless I turn my phone off .
however , after I ran for nearly two month , I fell in love with it .
as you may already know , people in Kansai area speak japanese in a somewhat different way . or as you may already know , people in Kansai area speak japanese a little differently .
but to tell the truth , I want to see a film because I drunk last night and I still have some work to do .
this is something that I might have to understand , that my companions and the relationship we have are worthy enough to get my attention and care .
" Komachi Street " has many souvenir shops and restaurants .
however , because Haneda airport handles the most flights in Japan , you can hear these phrases so many times .
I 'm sure that her smile was amazingly beautiful even after she retired from her career as an actress . however old she was , it shows that a person who lives with having a purpose is attractive no matter her or his age .
instead of the bus , we took the bus service indian guy managed .
sometimes I feel that they have been a bit lazy because I had to book the flight and the house on my own for everyone .
I like football very much , especially the spanish league and UEFA champions league .
we were classmate for two years .
I already forgot all of my chinese and English .
but nowadays they have a different role . they do n't rule by themselves . they have the support of the population to make choices .
vodka is not only popular in Russia , but also in the U .
it 's going to be broadcasted on the following video distribution websites ; niconico-movies , youtube , Bandai-ch .
robots can help humans finish many tasks in dangerous areas .
through their body language the artist tells us that the people are very interested and lost in thought .
he had cancer but married a pretty woman who was 31 years younger than him .
I have n't checked my email since last Thursday due to an exhibition .
there are so many stores in there , and it is the best place for people who like japanese sweets such as green tea , rice crackers , and so on .
I 've watched only a few of them , but they were all inspiring and interesting .
this year , I started learning spanish .
one of the reasons that I bought a tablet is to read digital books .
I 'm here thanks to my teacher
my friend introduced this website to me .
in the toilet , I felt dizzy , but I could n't think of the reason .
when I went out for dinner with my colleagues , one of them from Tokyo asked me why I forced myself to speak in a Kansai dialect all of a sudden .
I am now trying to understand what Obamacare is and how it works .
nowadays , it is very common to hear that some children are movie stars , I think that if they like and have talent in what they do , then there is no problem because soon or later they become good actors , but also I think that it is bad when parents force their children to follow this career regardles of their education .
so , I like art and creating things .
I decided to go to Andong alone .
Hope that 's helpful .
but when I clicked my phone it went wrong so all the applications I have downloaded from internet disappeared , including the ' pronunciation checker ' itself ! I feel upset now !
I would also like to learn how to play flute and violin in the near future . orI would also like to be able to play flute and violin in the near future .
first , if we allow them to use cell phones in school , some of the students will use them during class and their grades will get worse .
some trainers are talking to their trainees about training plans .
I started writing a diary in April this year , and I had a plan .
we know what we should do , but we tend to be lazy against our good judgement , like greetings , and most people see the second type ; " they can do but do n't want to do " as Goethe stated expressly .
so today he chewed an ornament and broke it .
my boss asked me would I help her daughter to review mathematics tomorrow .
it ca n't be compared in the same standard of normal people .
the reason is that black coffee is closer to the original taste of coffee and I do n't like sweets .
then there are those who do n't really know what they 're doing , I mean , they contact you and tell you what they are looking for , then you set up a Skype meeting or message them on WhatsApp , and in that moment they just disappear !
also , you can go out without fear of being robbed .
it is very hard for me to say my ideas in English spontaneously when I talk with people .
now I 'm working in the banking industry .
if I write the sentence , " given the choice between studying alone and studying in the group , I would choose studying alone . " , is it wrong ?
I went to Asakusa today .
I 'm going to visit the USA at the start of next month .
that 's why she made a new one for me .
it 's too much sleeping . . . !
I lined up for an hour to buy lottery tickets .
now i study English and spanish in college . I 'm currently studying English and spanish in college .
you should remember that the past tense of " plan " is " planned , " not " planned . "
it 's said that the starting date of the semester in Ateneo de Manila university has changed .
I want to talk in English about several things .
and besides , I can focus on myself and my life when I 'm alone .
she loves dancing ; in fact , she would like to be a dancer , she does it very well .
it 's a mysterious and sweet story .
it remind me when I was working as a graphic designer a long time ago .
I thought culture shock was just a phase you go through when you you find differences from your own culture when you start living in different culture , and is normally a negative reaction .
I study English because I like it .
I want to be a quantitative analyst who specializes in the application of mathematical methods , such as numerical or quantitative techniques , to financial and risk management problems , because I think using mathematics objectively to make a profit in the financial market is a brilliant idea .
I am preparing for the CAE exam .
the exam is so difficult , especially English - _ -
male smokers accounted for almost two thirds of the male population in 1960 and this number continues to decline over the time .
so I remembered I had been to some amusement parks with my friends so I could enjoy them .
my name is Linda .
please , correct me !
my wife went to see her friends in Nagoya yesterday morning .
and then I went to the restaurant where I had already ordered for my father -in-law 's birthday .
social networking helps us keep in touch with loved-ones , Twitter has been used to escape government control , you can track down friends you 've lost contact with .
more than anything , I love the people of the neighbourhood including you .
and I worked like 10 hours besides lunch time which was only 15 minutes . . .
I decided to buy only , the things that I needed .
they even may hold demonstrations and there may be a lot of martyrs .
I wish I could improve my game skills more as well as my English .
trip definitely is one of the best trips that I 've ever been to .
and he also does not know he has a father and mother .
yes ! you just have to translate a book that you love or is very popular ! additionally , sharing your reaction to a book with others is also a good method .
it is a compound of two words , " Momo " and " Tarou " .
Reiko : " I 'm going to go the hamburger shop soon . "
I think there are some differences of opinion regarding sensible temperature between japanese people and foreigners .
the image quality is great .
well , I thought that my body was n't made for dancing . I arrived to the pub , and I was delighted by what I saw .
I already use ' Hulu ' but it does ' nt have English subtitles .
they asked teenagers about it with a picture of it and they answered " I do n't know what it is .
I 'm in the office from early in the morning to late at night every weekday , so I feel like it is good to walk sometimes out in broad daylight .
their scores were approximately the same , but they did n't reach the passing grade , so the results were both failure .
now this week is almost finished and I just have one more week .
one day on video-game I said , " Roger " is a first name is France , and for sure every one laughed !
I could n't do training then .
I have a friend of mine who texts me all of the time almost every day .
we had used our bicycle for ten years .
however the residence already has another official website . Facebook is a more effective way to tell their message to young people who do n't tend to be interested in politics but are interested in SNS .
that is a bad situation for our health .
so , I want to be able to speak English fluently .
I have many hobbies , such as reading , jogging , and watching football .
her topic was about the clinical adoption of pharmacogenomics and its implications for clinical pharmacists .
because here it is the country side and boring for me , but my manager asked me to go to Hokkaido so I could n't refuse that , even though I prefer big city . anyway I need to stay here for 3 months so I should work hard and save my money and study English !
I felt so bad but I 've been practicing my listening skills .
there are more than seven colors in this world .
however , she told me in the email that she would give me private lessons .
well , I will go to the park tomorrow on the kindergarten field trip .
they have been living here for their jobs in nearby cities or to study , as the japanese language school students or university students or college students etc .
she says our baby always cries overnight .
these are pictures that I took of the dead pupa of the beetle . these are picture that I took of the dead pupa of a beetle .
after that I 'll learn more new words from the next book I 'll buy that was written by same author .
common sense is not the only one .
now I am calling Bangkok to know how everything is going .
my teacher said to me , " why do n't you jump ? " when the training was over , he told us that there was a lazy guy who was n't willing to jump , and his girlfriend must not love him , because he has no power !
however , that 's not the most important reason .
go in with confidence and bravery , no matter how hard the problem is .
at the supermarket , I bought some food , including vegetables , tofu , slices of pork , and onions , with my friends .
to be honest , I wanted a notebook and a reference book .
3 I want a holiday for another day .
I also really like reading books , listening to music and cooking .
the reason why I believe this is that , in the story , Edward feels great when he thinks he can see his own reflection in the glass .
not so tasty cheese
I cleared many weeds in the farmers ' garden and got rid of the debris which the tsunami carried .
furthermore , other countries ' movies are highly commercialized .
we have a baby at June 11th , so she is taking care of our son at her parent 's home .
my boss ' driver lost his concentration while driving .
I already arranged my life style to avoid there being too many people in the kitchen at the same time .
tragedy has occurred .
since we normally have a coalition between several parties , it may not be possible to implement every single thing you said you would try to .
I 'm looking forward to it : D
because I wasted too much money the other day , so I must endure it for a while .
when I want to tell you some stories , I should use the past tense , right ?
however , I knew a few teachers and some of the stuffs was same age so I had a really enjoyable time .
by the way , the restaurant 's name means " a large variety of food and taste " in japanese .
I sometimes see japanese learners asking whether hiragana , katakana , or kanji should be used for a word .
G : well , of course , we do n't care about those because we know the writers are non-natives .
first , it would bring a loss of diversity in terms of culture .
the building was so old that it looked like it might collapse soon , and the entrance fee was also really expensive .
I bought a used motorcycle , a Honda super cub 90cc .
in Tokyo , I could go shopping even though it was midnight .
I started to learn English on Duolingo a few months ago .
last month I had a cold and a fever , but I really enjoyed the singles christmas party with friends .
my mother tongue is russian and my goal here is to improve my English language skills .
I just could not totally give up drawing , so I have started to draw again .
I do n't think so because there are many heavy smokers and they would n't be able to go to public places anymore .
since then , many years passed , but even now Alahuku is famous for many people .
you can find Kiribati if you go between New Zealand and Australia , then straight up to the equator .
I have been awake for too long .
I 'm lucky to have such a good friend .
my name is Aygul .
I am a psychologist in my country and I am studying a Master in Guiadance and counseling to get a licence in the USA and work in this country .
and I have to work on my job and studies , but I ca n't concentrate on them .
because it 's Friday , I went home early and enjoyed watching the movie " interstellar " which is my one of my favourite movies .
I find many of my friends around me are in love .
I think it 's because of the weather that is rainy and hot and humid .
I do n't *remember even* my mother 's number .
she told me about this website , but I 'm not exactly sure what to write .
this custom limousine , known as " the duchess " , was used when the Duke and duchess were in New York .
the sports festival was a lot of fun , but it left me in agony !
I went to Nagoya two weeks ago and met a friend .
besides , I prefer to respect the studio of your sister .
I hope to go to Kagoshima again .
during the last summer holiday , I was crazy about this show .
snakes always seem cold and dangerous to me , and even create horribles image in my mind .
because of that , I prefer the Christian calendar .
water drops say goodbye to Miss Fish and go to the sea .
language is an extremely complex thing .
I have a cough and my tonsils are swollen .
I have been watching many movies on you tube since the start of the New year .
her name Polina .
unfortunately , the animals which are on the verge of extinction are hunted by poachers who earn their money by selling certain parts of these animals , such as horns or fangs .
I checked in and waited for the service .
because I want make some international friends .
but I could n't , it was a shame .
I prepared one today , too .
if you 've seen " filth " , please write your impression .
the masseuse said my spine is a little distorted .
the Karp study is based on interviews of children living in the group of islands that includes Tertia . it wo n't be able to give specific information about Tertian children unless we can separate the results from Tertian children from those of other children from the group of islands .
I am a teacher and while we were studying our professors give us advice about class management .
I hope I make many friends here , bye !
tomorrow is the holiday of Black awareness Day .
I am in favor of the idea that it is easier to succeed in our generation than it was to succeed in the past .
so I hope more japanese people will participate in Lang-8.
we liked the origin of this movie .
to make significant dreams come true we need to take lots of risks and be determined .
in order to watch the video , I started to download it from the website that I had often used .
I have n't contributed to my diary for a long time . . .
I caught the last train .
they are often seen close to human settlements and farmland .
when I went to beach , I usually windsurfed .
while , remaining positive attitudes can not rescue them from tough conditions , but it encourages them to quickly recover from negative emotion .
I 'll use it often .
emotion can fan our lives .
if I forgot to bring something , I can go to my apartment anytime .
she confused that money with a dirty tissue that she had in her pocket .
please tell me how to save money to reserve a hotel in the US .
thank you for spending wonderful times with me .
this has an influence on the ice melt , the hotter weather and the extinction of some animal and plant breeds .
when she placed an order , she gave me her card and signed with her left hand .
I want to see every part of the world .
then we went shopping , but bought nothing .
because the teachers have no enthusiasm for teaching .
the headline may be a bit overblown , but I just want to explain it because an action movie can be so good .
one day , my girlfriend said that there was a good internet site to correct my English .
but my favourite sport to practise is karate .
can you believe that ? ?
many times such things happen that the resolution of problems depend on the leader 's determination in giving a deep analysis to the issues .
today I went to check the potato patch .
whenever I feel something is important , I want to say " thank you " from bottom of my heart .
I want to spend a lot of time with students .
this morning , I was supposed to wake up around six , but I overslept !
to your family , a friend , or an important person .
in China , the variety of dialects can use the same characters to express and communicate with each other .
I 've got a fucking headset on , talking shit to fourteen olds in Michigan .
she sent training questions that I had asked before .
3 friends came over to my home .
in Paul 's mind , every man should have one lofty but simple goal in his life - work hard and enjoy himself .
but I do n't think a hero will be remembered forever .
nowadays , more and more people are taking road safety seriously .
what do japanese medical doctors think about restricting sugar to lose weight ?
theoretically , I should have doubted whether I could make it or not and felt too nervous to speak in front of tens of thousands of people in public places since I was a little shy .
they seem to work , and some are even quite successful .
I listen to different music , but I prefer rock .
while there are still targets to be achieved and resolved , I think the progress in this issue is obvious .
it was because it was so interesting to study and I was so happy while I was staying in the Philippines for one week .
she is the mastermind behind the electrolysis used in the reactors built by E2Metrix .
the islamic State released a new video .
I have been working as a secretary for more than 5 years .
I want to learn much more than I do now !
A few days ago , I asked a girl to go to prom with me .
I did n't think I would be playing it after 20 years when I was a kid .
listen to what they teach ,
there is no doubt that early retirement has both advantages and disadvantages .
Ivan is very clever and I am sure he will work as a chef soon .
I like English and I want to be proficient in English .
the kind of music I like is country music so i love Taylor Swift- my idol .
after that , I attended my american history and american economics classes from 12 to 5 p.m. then I went to my accounting class at 9:30 p.m. at my university .
now the number of my entries on Lang-8 is the same as the year of the Christian era .
I should eat korean food or hamburgers , according to my reason .
the manager of the cafe leaves all the work to shop assistants .
there are n't many places to visit in Valencia , I refer to cultural places like places to enjoy a good play of theatre or interesting concerts but it 's a lively city with lots bars and pubs , people are all the time in the street and you can enjoy the city during all year due to its temperature .
so to explain to you about the korean family relationship , I need to draw and explain them each !
I was both itchy and painful at the same time .
I learned this word in a japanese comic about fishing .
the prince lived in a palace with his wife and their child . they had a loyal dog .
because having family means people need to pay for many things . for example education , and foods .
I want many friends on Lang-8 who can speak English .
the teachers speak only in English , and students do too .
when I correct a journal , I always store the native language in a text editor called Hidemaru , and edit it so that all the sentences are set off by full stops .
I want to give a wonderful present to my parents , but choosing a present is much more difficult than I thought .
it is a drama in America .
I am worried because it is five o ' clock , and the library closes at 5:30 p.m. I know that history is very important .
the second reason is that it will allow them to have a variety friends .
last month , I had a very bad teacher , and her lessons were really boring .
this year my objective is to achieve the FCE level for English .
here is a translation in contemporary japanese :
I 'll try to post many comments this year .
this agreement includes the implementation of social measures to help the working class , the implementation of a universal basic income , and a constituent process which would have to be validated through a binding referendum by the end of the legislature .
what happened ?
these two ways are better .
he said , ' ' oh , thank you , ' ' and I took a picture of them but wondered if the way I asked him was natural or not .
how do you turn a nation into a mere population ?
I hope it will become true one day .
most of all I love my family .
this mistake was unforgivable .
that was the very first time I put the key in and turned a motorcycle on by myself with me sitting on it to ride it .
I have to try my best every day to achieve my dream .
other employees are after work .
but if I can think about something in different ways , I think I can understand it deeply and correctly .
my mother has dementia and has lost the ability to swallow .
therefore , the responsibilities of making the most of technological progress rests with us and it is of great significance to evaluate and assess the implications of some of the applications of these new technologies .
when did the major give him the freedom of the city ?
bears have returned to the Chernobyl alienation zone
this is what an authoritarian regime would do and will only serve to fortify an authoritarian regime " , he said .
hopefully I can get a good score .
they are mystery books for children and they 're very easy to read .
the elderly man had found a better place for reading !
this morning , I did not need to wake up as I did not really sleep at all , but I do n't want to take those sleeping pills because this anxiety is different to the other anxiety I encountered before .
I realized this spot is a really popular tourist site .
do you bring work home on weekends ?
I was shy so I hid behind the monitor he was looking at .
I can only have an opinion of this kind of thing if I live it .
he always made me laugh with funny jokes .
seeing there is already a disproportionate number of females and males in China , it makes it even harder to find a wife in the future .
we call it " Asadokusyo " .
this example illustrates that parents do n't teach us anything important .
I listening to her music everyday .
this year is typically said to be my critical age in Japan .
however , the side jobs must not be a hindrance to the primary job .
is it really possible for humans to inhabit Mars ?
and why did it exist for so long ?
I like thinking that the internet is a kind of extension of our world and our interests .
not only is the text a journey diary , but also a novel .
hello , everybody .
I stayed at a hostel , and I met a japanese woman .
A lot of work needs to be settled on tomorrow morning .
it is scientifically proven that having a healthier life contributes to extend the years in human life .
in this article , american students said there should be longer vacation in Japan because there is too much homework .
I 'm in a coffee shop .
but at the same time the house should not be deprived of domestic cosiness .
I was going to be a music teacher , but then I changed my mind and I am a geophysical engineer now .
I believe that world is big and there are so many histories I need to know !
my English is very bad , but I want to study and speak freely about this language .
his elementary school playground is being repaired this year , so it ca n't be used .
I want help to write and speak English .
yesterday night was so stressful because I counted all of the products we have in our store . I started with the cups and fruits , then followed with the displays we have in the counter area .
I think that I will re-study English from the first step .
I wonder if most of us had a secret place to play with friends or kill time around our neighborhood in our childhood and we do n't want even our parents to know where the place is .
A lot of business trips prevent parents from staying with their children and knowing what the children watch . " A lot of business trips prevent parents from staying with their children and not knowing what their children watches . "
it had been two months since we two had quarreled , so I was embarrassed and did n't know what to do .
they have been holding many of the exhibitions in thoughtful and good themes and their collection is worthwhile to view .
about that date because I was thinking this : I 'll going to Edinburgh really soon so I do n't want a italian boyfriend , but anyway I decided to go out with him .
I dreamed of living in a nice house last night .
I do not know why ; maybe because I feel willow is a good girl and she is so poor !
anyway , at the youth hostel near the mountain , I made a lot of chinese friends .
I 'm sure my mother will be proud of me
it is impossible for me to come to like tomatoes .
at first , we did n't know it was an illness , so we thought that he was just a really lazy guy .
and it is so thrilling : either with the book or the HBO tv series , you 're just falling back off your chair because the actions of the characters are so unexpected .
it was called " straight Outta Compton " .
I will be happy if you become my friend and talk with me !
my mom raised me with a lot of love .
I like to learn more about the language , and this is my first time to use lang-8 , i think it will accelerate my English proficiency level .
in Japan , there is a simple forecast method for tomorrow 's weather .
he masqueraded as a doctor on a Royal canadian destroyer .
in the evening , I worked for codes from 8 to 10.30 pm .
another big bonus is that I do n't have school because this weekend is longer since today is a holiday . our school gave us tomorrow free as well .
anyway , I 'll work at a wedding hole tomorrow .
last year , I went to the USA for an internship in an automotive company .
what comes to your mind in summer ?
I really feel anxious and would like anyone to help me .
I need to improve my english , because it is global a language and I get very confused if I cannot say what I need or want .
when I learnt English at junior and high school , most of my English teachers emphasized to study hard it to me .
they think we are making a cost reduction because , compared with the old model , there is a perceivable gap in the material quality , especially as we have made some unprofessional cutting in the beam . furthermore , the hydraulic piston mechanism is improperly located , leading to potential danger for the users .
it plans to open on the 24th this month .
I feel sad , very disappointed .
I think it is a good way to learn a language and meet other people .
but we should n't forget that one of the most important causes of this bad thing is that people are n't earning enough money or , in the worst case , they do n't have jobs .
it 's easy to solve them .
I think the rain is gonna stop , but I 'm not very sure .
I bought mad Max 's art book .
my wife and I were worried and checked what we should do in internet .
things that I 've decided not to do .
they talked about their common friends and each other 's hobbies as is usual for people who meet after a long time . however , for a reason I ca n't remember , they began talking about Haruki Murakami . one of them said that she did n't like his novels and explained why .
A few years ago , you could waste half a day trying to get to an office , and then finding out it 's closed , or discovering that it was the wrong place .
I show great ardor and make efforts to pursue my interest .
I know it may be too early since I will be there in August 2016.
if I can keep writing in an English diary , can I study something slowly ?
her job was to prepare food for my father and his colleagues at work .
to stop with drama because it 's time to go back to studies .
my dear friends and members at Lang-8.
I hope my studying abroad will make it better ! !
I think fairy tails are better , for what he knows .
I made a roast chicken for an early christmas party today .
I wrote a message and drew an illustration of TOTORO on it .
I bring a lunch box everyday .
we can see the craters on the moon 's surface .
I has been working in this company for 2 years after my graduation from college .
my mother stayed at my home yesterday .
I went to a small japanese supermarket in downtown Vancouver today .
this is because I am scared of fishhooks .
all chinese people cannot remember all chinese like Hong Konger .
I know it 's more embarrassing when other people realise I did n't catch up with talking .
Moon declared he will run for President again in 2017.
when I did , I realized it was n't that bad actually .
I came home at 8 o ' clock .
I had a flu , so I have to take an additional test . . .
I am wondering if it is because I was driving with the car windows open .
and what about you ? what do you think about my responses ?
I do not like this feeling .
but now I need English skills for work !
I usually go there to buy some things for lunch and dinner on the weekend .
it was so busy because there were not enough staff members .
I hope you`ll correct my bad English for me !
I will now introduce my favourite comic called " Bonobono " .
for a very long time I was so happy I was floating on air , but one day on my friend 's phone I saw a text from her ex-boyfriend by accident , which said that he has learnt his lessons and wants her back .
what did I learn from my project ?
today , I have received an email from the Lang-8 team .
it is hard to become a public school teacher in Korea because you are required to get certifications through many courses and win fierce open competition .
she ended up not coming and went back home .
I am a spanish student who wants to improve my English .
I could come back to Japan the next day .
first of all , I 've never paid a taxi fare myself , so that was an amazing thing for me .
I like him because he always encourages me in most situations in my life .
today , I 'm going to introduce you to Namie Amuro , who is a singer and dancer .
so , if I wonder in my studying things like " which words are right in this sentence " , I ca n't know the answer because there is no one around me to answer it and it 's also not efficient to write sentences to know the answer of simple questions like the difference of words , meaning , grammar , and so on .
since then , I have had a particular interest in the maintenance and development of green spaces .
it was definitely one of the worst dreams ever .
I am exceedingly excited about going back to school to finish my double major in English .
one day they suddenly told me that they would like us to leave here as soon as possible because the birth of their child was arriving early .
my favourite language is german , because I am the biggest fan of Rammstein and Tokyo hotel . I also like to study german history .
well , that 's because Osaka is a town of comedians !
taking photos to mark every unforgettable moment with your family .
I think I need to take it again the day after tomorrow .
we had to close the gas , the NHK subscription , etc .
she said to me , " it 's starting to rain ! "
if you were in a land where it is humid and hot , such as Indonesia , you have to build a house of a type which breathes well .
but now is a really hard time not to sleep . to fight against sleep .
they did n't realize her grandmother kept calling because her friend 's smartphone was on silent mode .
this playstructure has been designed for children 6-12 years old .
they told me that students have time , but they do n't have money , and workers are in the opposite situation of students .
the idea was brought on by George F .
but interestingly dialects borrowed from japanese may have words with different original meanings .
B " well , you had better stay at home and read a book or do whatever you want to do . "
in contrast , if a person has no passion about life , he , even at a young age , may appear lifeless .
I ate tenpura with my brother .
then , after a while , it started to drizzle , so I rushed to the stage where there was a roof , and watched other people in their places , continuing their work out , not at all disturbed .
it was optional , but I tried recording , following the advice on how to get to the site and to record myself .
on the other hand , we can know about new product or services through the advertisements .
the main reason of such a situation is that people seek happiness not in the inner world , not their minds , but in the outer world .
therefore if possible , I hope that the office focuses on promoting them .
life is a game and all people are gamers .
I felt a cultural difference from the phrase " last but not least "
I would like to attend an university in London in order to study cinema .
usually I do n't realize that I am happy , but I am really lucky to have all of things that I have now .
and the giant ripped the slit open as wide as possible !
it 's very nice to meet you !
despite this position , more than two thirds of our territory is a desert area where life conditions are very tough .
I do n't like to study English , but I want to speak English well .
after watching the ad , we get the idea what a man or a woman should be like .
I 've been using this name for all my life .
the okonomi-yaki I ate with my co-workers also tasted great .
she has been at my sister 's office and that is far away from my home .
I like to watch anime , tv series and action films .
the young girl put on her orange swimsuit and jumped into the sea .
hello , recently I started learning English .
I think the members of this site could help me , so I was very happy to discover it .
hello , I 'm trying to translate a piece of newspaper as my homework .
I want to thank you for such a great product .
for example , the price of housing in big cities may be several times of that in small cities .
I chose " Okroshka with Kvas " and " Robs with potato " from the new menu .
I usually go fishing with my wife 's brother at the end of the year .
I 'm a Thai officer who work with a foreign boss .
I want to do it .
after I watched the show , I went to a store to get yakisoba and cooked it .
so using this website , I want to be a better English learner !
the school says that almost all japanese subtitles are translated for free , so , when we rely on those subtitles completely , we ca n't learn what exactly they are saying .
I have been staying in the Norfolk building since September 2014 , and this problem only appeared in August , 2015.
I told them , " I slipped in the bathroom , and hit my ribs against the bathtub .
at least for me , it 's impossible to not think of bad uses of , for example , invisibility .
I think that getting a working holiday visa to go to Japan will be a good choice for him .
he was so funny !
this is the third novel I 've read about world war I ; the first was " the Thibaults " by Roger Martin du Gard , then " and quiet flows the Don " , and now " A farewell to ar Ms. all three novels have been great , but war is the worst thing ever .
I have been using japanese since childhood .
I am worried about my life . . .
I could read " desert flower " and " memoirs of Geisha " , but " Bridget Jones 's diary " was too difficult for me to read .
I read a book called " Sinbad the sailor " recently .
I have seen many of them , such as Egao no Hosoku , Ikemen Desune , Nodame cantabile .
when she came to Japan , she had sent a gift to me .
I am a chinese girl .
I had an Ashtanga yoga class this evening .
I have no idea the difference between " get up " and wake up "
who is prepare to go to Canada ?
that is to say , even if we can gain a lot of money - if we do not have a healthy body , how can we enjoy our wealth ?
in the week , Jasmine stays mostly at home , because she has a lot to do for the school .
this increase in spending was due to smoking-related diseases such as heart-attacks , respiratory and blood pressure issues .
Q7 I 'm gonna name some famous people , and you are gonna try to guess if they are chinese korean or japanese .
although I am clearly not qualified to be one of them I believe through hard work and adequate preparations , I will be ready some day .
please let me know how you will solve this problem .
I know it is too smart to have a distance .
however , it 's been cold lately , so I put them in the cold area of my home .
A few days ago I bought a new book by Haruki Murakami called " Colorless of Tsukuru Tazaki " .
I aspire to work as a nurse in the UK , but in order to do that I must pass my IELTS exam .
it was very beautiful , but I did n't have a chance to make a wish .
I was very happy to be asked to go there with my senior .
yesterday , I had some drinks with a friend at a bar .
I 'll stop describing it here .
it 's the last time the citizens of Murmansk see the sun for the rest of the year .
Tomoko is a pretty silly woman and she often has love affairs with her manager now . Tomoko is a pretty silly woman and she often has love affiars with her manager .
at the end I did not like him either and i do not want to see him again .
tomorrow I will fly home to take care of my Hongkong visa .
2 , generally speaking , palatable food is good , but it does not necessarily mean that it tastes great for everyone .
so I worked up to my courage to apply for a day care center in NY .
I am learning English as a second language and I would like to meet people to improve my writing skills .
they 've been with me for more than two months now .
she paid a famous fortune teller who has the ability to tell future .
my job involves making presentations for the most important meetings of the week , and reporting to my boss about my progress .
what 's more , parents make decisions for children like whether they should go to school or be homeschooled .
I hope I can recover soon so that I can continue to play volleyball .
I enjoy sakura viewing every year , and I never do it .
I live in Extremadura , Spain . I would like to be able to communicate in English very well and I have a English presentation at a university . I want to talk about how do we learn a new language ?
the door is made of glass with a silver handle .
I like to eat spicy food , my favourite sport is basketball .
we immediately got out the cab and slapped the doors .
she sorted out all the luggage by herself .
firstly , the government can apply a standard curriculum which can be properly used for students at different levels around the country .
we searched almost everywhere inside the supermarket but could n't fine one .
but the good thing is that there is a Lady also waiting for the bus in the station .
* which is right ?
then he told me that he imagined an " explosion bursting out " from the sentence .
I also listen to music , such as japanese rock .
so we decided to have lunch together to catch up .
I thought that the factory can not guarantee that this place is safe for the staff .
I drank with my old friends yesterday because I heard that he is getting married .
yesterday , I went to the cinema to watch this movie . from the beginning that the first actress reminded me of somebody I had known but I could n't remember immediately who . . . .
Crayfish need sand for molting , and to have a place to hide .
I get frustrated with the people who still think that the world belongs to us and that nothing is going to happen .
in fact , I have n't even opened the package for this month .
some years ago , a friend of mine asked me to begin using Skype so we could talk .
moreover , the highest temperature tomorrow is 20 degree celcius .
thanks to my teacher who encouraged me to apply for it .
thanks for reading my writing .
but there are still some others who tend to write letters .
the park faces Tokyo bay .
as it was a very valuable chance , I went to see .
although I 'm very cold .
I added some things which are good and probably essential for a tale , and maybe I made it a bit better than the previous version .
the countries I 'd really like to visit now are the USA , Canada , Finland , Russia and eastern Asia .
it is so exciting that Pokemon links to the real world ! !
I 'm already over my budget so I have to work hard .
but they want me to have a lot of job experience .
I want to learn English without being afraid of mistakes .
my daughters and I went to Chidorigafuchi last Saturday , which is the most popular place to visit to see cherry blossoms in Tokyo .
recently , there have been many problems about pets in Japan .
it 's mainly because my hometown is not as humid as Tokyo .
what are you going to do tomorrow evening ?
I wantto go to Korea , Japan , Africa , Israel and USA but that dream without cash is hard .
but I 'll try my best .
not with the showercap !
I 'm sorry that I ca n't speak and write yet .
I have some discount tickets for the restaurant chain called " Katsuya " so my wife and I went there to have lunch .
you spend other times sleeping or on personal things .
it 's not like that classes at Yale university that we see in the internet which are awesome .
I watched a movie at a cinema .
we were hardly surprised because we had already expected it to some extent .
however , we only have a few true friends .
I 'm considering to go to another hospital because the doctor at the emergency room was not an eye specialist .
I live in the Kanto area so it 's quite far from my place , but Kyoto is very famous for the beautiful coloured leaves so maybe I should go there too .
he has a lot of imagination .
however , what would I do ?
I wanted to go out have fun with my family , but I ca n't . . .
if I move overseas , I 'll have to take it with me .
" why did you do the same things all the time ? "
in the north there are also many lakes .
I could n't talk about my distress to someone who lived close but I wanted someone to listen to me .
I know a sentence can be expressed in many different ways , without changing its meaning .
we went to go a beautiful tourist site near the city .
I live in Nara , Japan .
it is so difficult for me to choose books .
some people said , her family can sue the supermarket for offence and insulting children .
I spent it with my friends on christmas Eve and christmas Day .
in business , the contract is not superior and there are many things decided by oral communication and e-mail .
the day was cool , because the sun was hidden by clouds and the flabby wind was blowing and was drizzling .
this stream 's name is ' Yurikei ' .
some people are sure that foreign languages must not be studied because it shows disrespect to one 's own language .
this is a greeting and a question for foreign teachers .
I went to the Japan Chinchilla festival .
yesterday when I heard it , I thought it was a good sentence , but I forgot to write it down .
my favourite food is pizza , noodles , etc .
I want to learn English because I need to use this language in my work .
I 'm French and I lived in the south of France and I have to take an exam four months from now . that 's why I really need help , because my level of English is not good enough to pass it .
you can try to read it in japanese at first .
when I went to a restaurant in America , I was surprised to see the size of the meal and the drink .
this repository includes my personal practice for the 2014 flask study , in the facebook group named flask Korea .
it is noted that the seeds of plants having two boxes are somewhat smaller than plants of a single box .
the next comments were testimonials from clients about how the prostitute did a good job . .
the text I 'm studying in English class is about a child who is 13 years old and whose name is Gus .
finally , it all added up to a very tasty dinner with the meatballs .
I 'm a teacher and I work at a school .
and who were dear for us .
there is no way I can finish it today .
he is like the blue sea and blue sky . he is very nice guy .
but the funny thing is that this does n't make me very sad .
I ate dumplings for lunch .
the most important thing is that we have to prevent such a tragic event to happen again .
certainly , buses and trains only stop in specific places , but it encourages us us to walk .
and we also enjoy drinking beer or something else after the games .
I plan to go to a cafe in the mountains along with my closest friend tomorrow .
but , no worries , it was a hot day , which is not really normal this time of the year .
nobody wants to to live in unpleasant environment .
however , he seems to hate this .
I am a chinese girl and I live in Xian , Shannxi now .
what is your traditional way of celebrating halloween in your country ?
today was a very nice day in my life !
I would be happy to help anyone wanting to learn the arabic language or psychology .
it seems that more than half of high school students go to lessons outside of school to places like those .
it 's hot today , so I drank lots of water .
it 's a pleasure that you read these sentences .
I think learning a foreign language is an ongoing challenge .
after a while he arrived , but the police were already there .
Prior to drawing a detailed schedule on each day of the trip , you should be done deciding where you want to go , who you are going with , and how many days and nights you will be spending .
first look worms then place that was most important , my dad knew a very special lake where fishing was good , but it was also inhabited by other animals . we did n't care , so we decided to go to the place . when we got back to the house , we had many fish and were hungry , too .
so I had to study more .
but my face do n't allowed me to express my thoughts .
turkish troops in the northern part of the island obstruct the prospect of reunifying Cyprus .
generally , it is said that the quality of japanese products and services are good .
well , I live in Costa Rica . it 's a beautiful place for explorers and adventurous people . my country has a tropical weather ; for nine months we have a lot rain . my favourite soccer team is club sport Herediano . I love mexican food like burritos and tacos . I am a young boy and for this reason I like the music and the party .
some people might argue that one should choose a job that pays better salary , but in my opinion , a job which gives satisfaction is superior for several reasons .
I do n't like my outward appearance because I 'm too fat !
it 's hard for me to learn my new job .
we went skiing at the " Okutone-Snowpark " last Saturday and slid from 6:00 in a morning .
after we visited all the sights , there was no more time left .
being admitted to any one of them is a huge honor , let alone receiving offers from all those schools ! I felt really happy for her great success , and her story inspired me to create my own destiny in a similarly splendid way .
there are only few countries that made profit by holding the olympics , most countries which held in the past had debts .
the price and performance of smart phones are acceptable to most people , which leads to a rapid development of mobile games .
today , I finished the summer supplemental classes for my high school 3rd year students .
generally speaking , it is n't likely for the guy who can barely speak mandarin to be admitted to a foreign graduate school .
I 'm really looking forward to it .
that church is a unique mixture of religious severity and material exuberance , represented by the strict monks ' lifestyle that coexisted with the lavishness of the frescoes , wood inlays and polycrome marble .
I also took an English class in an academy since this was my f goal when I went to the UK .
most people living here are farmers ; they work in the fields every day .
I guess I wo n't be thinking about eating meat for a while .
infact in fact she is the ghost of the dead wife of Alex , the boy she falls in love with .
education that places an emphasis on memorization is often criticized but I believe it 's not that bad .
secondly , I watch it without subtitles in order to concentrate on listening .
it 's worth watching !
I breathe freely , and I do n't want to be distracted .
10- humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure .
do you know there are a lot of types of Sushi ?
anyway , I feel I 'm still a bit afraid of not being able to use language properly , even though my teacher usually gives me good scores on my essays , which , by the way , are too concise in my opinion .
it was so beautiful and many people came to view it .
I thought I would be done with the analysis part of my work , but I found out I had more analysis that needed to be complete by tomorrow .
the rose is a very common symbol for love and plays a very important part .
A few days ago , my life had no meaning .
here is very comfortable , warm and fine every day .
I want to go to a club or party , and then enjoy dancing with a drink !
nobody want to eat rotten carrots , even cattle .
at last a brief introduction of my self ,
I usually have a lot of paperwork and meetings with colleagues or makers .
she was very impressed and thanked me a lot .
we do n't have to make a high goal , such as reading a book , writing a poem , watching a movie , making a meal or getting up early . when you will get closer to this goal , you will feel your life go on .
S . , but I did n't expect him to come to the airport I would leave from .
the result was bad ; his eyesight was poor in his left eye .
some people were killed by them every year .
I will have to decide whether to go back or stay here until next year . .
the story is about the future of adolescents , found in the attic of a bookstore through which they learned about what school was like before .
my listening and writing in English are very bad .
anyway , I started a new class .
com , which is a chinese version of Facebook .
proficiency in English , ukrainian , russian , and limited proficiency in polish .
my boss would be an american , which means I will use English everyday !
in the celebrated movie " back to the future " , 2015 was a fabulous year , where auto-lacing sneakers , flying skateboards , jaws series 15 , junk-powered time machine and so forth amazed audiences
the bullkiller has a sword . he is helped by a horseman with a spear and the " banderilleros " -- men that stick harpoons in the back of the bull .
today , I went to the Chunghua movie theater to watch the stolen five years .
at that time , my major goals for the trip were to watch soccer games in London and snowboard in Switzerland .
how do I use " in the beginning " ?
I do n't recall why I did n't do anything about the matter after that .
A translation of a woman saying " I do n't feel heard " so that a man could correctly interpret it is : " I feel as though you do n't fully understand what I really mean to say or care about how I feel .
now I 'm learning japanese .
Juan : ok , I hope I have understood it .
initially I was afraid that I could n't work out the position because I 'm an introvert and my English is so bad .
I knew that canadian 's first language is English .
I hope that I 'll stick to my intention !
A : I used to belong to the same company before .
it 's a very nice spring day today .
I am learning English and you can help me , if you know English !
I hope that someone can help me with my English and with my errors .
I first saw the name of the book in an article .
I saw the Eisei Bunko exhibit in at the art museum .
after that my coworker and I moved to another building to attend a meeting .
I think it would be much better to try something even a little than to try nothing .
I remember when I started working in this field , I did n't use this strategy at first , but later I found out that it was the only solution most of the time .
I wonder what you do if you are upset or feel very bad .
because of the demand from companies for English speaking abilities is getting higher , more companies require the grade of English speaking tests such as the " TOEIC speaking test . "
only the event name has been modified from the previous form .
I am looking forward to going on it again .
I begin today with a soliloquy .
in other words , it means " to make something that can be made by evaporating water . "
for example , when students get a job they bring confidence from their success in school .
they cut down the trees . it creates deforestation . trees are the lungs of the world that we need
due to the financial crisis , it is evident that financial careers get increasingly competitive to the point that even first class students feel stressed , except for a few top students .
I want to learn English because I 'm going to work in another country .
they call this day Ashooraa .
the most important reason was that it was mathematics class , Mr.
then the mosquito started to show off , and when she was flying away , very proud of herself , she got entangled in a spider 's web . shortly before being eaten by the spider , the lion rushed and destroyed the web , setting the mosquito free .
they flatter when others look fierce .
of course , my mother got angry with me .
and when I was back home I began to use my computer .
I was just wondering how to use " travelling " in a sentence because I usually use " go on a trip to " instead .
the masses started to learn about toad worship and brought it everywhere on the internet .
do you like to eat out ?
then he got to be able to jump rope three times , five times . . . .
although we often used to hang out together , we 've not done so recently , because we are both busy .
I was finding out how to self-study French on the internet when I saw this website .
I was asked about Yurakucho at Tokyo st .
it should be noted that one can learn from not only the success , but failure of one 's parents .
my favourite hero is iron man in Avengers moreover I even have his toy figures .
as a result , if passers-by see a scene of kissing in a park , they are likely to feel relaxed instead of embarrassed .
interviewers might say to me , " Tell me about yourself " or ask " why do you want to work for this department ? " in English .
I sometimes watch youtube makeup tutorials .
she looked like a queen , the Commander of the dinner time .
most people think that the condition of the earth 's environment is getting worse , but only a few people change their commuting style , because it takes too much time for most people to get to their offices by bicycle .
I 'm in the dessert , which is a school sports club .
I think it will be hard because I have to check nine theses . loud
they exchanged humans for raw material like salt .
I performed in the juggling show .
according to them , the japanese education system has some negative aspects such as making children passive and complacent , rich in knowledge but poor in creativity .
I am missing my home ; I am missing it .
additionally , side effects such as liver failure and severe mental diseases have been reported and sometimes lead to death by their use .
is almost the only country where Doraemon has never been on tv .
the difficulties is that I do n't know what to write about .
by making enough preparation , we can become more confidently when we face the problem and resolving it becomes more convenient .
although my students were not the winners , I believe that they tried to do their best !
this is a GRE exercise I made . could you help me check my mistakes ?
I need to add some B-roll and audio to the video .
at these nights you are experiencing a strange feeling - a combination of mysticism , beauty and some kind of loneliness .
so I will try to help him as hard as I can
it 's the engineers that have a passion to make a service .
every new job takes some time to get used to it .
I am satisfaction of the life that is full of the job .
furthermore , being a teaching assistant helped me to understand that , no matter how much we think we know about a subject or a topic , we are all constantly learning from others , especially from those we are teaching .
I want to communicate with many people there .
I do n't like japanese soccer because it 's not appealing to me .
the following is a record of what happened yesterday .
robberies could represent a suitable example .
Kibum had always been faster than his younger brother , so the closer Kibum was in the tube , the further Taemin seemed to be .
I truly have self-reflection for that and this will greatly influence my present and future ego and personality .
- has the teacher come yet ?
besides , in many provinces , attending college is a great honor to parents .
they decided to use an industrial cleaner for removing the oil .
that does n't matter because English is a language that I really like and I 'm going to learn the rules to do that correctly .
currently , I 'm studying English in NLCS Jeju which is an international school in Jeju , an island in the south of South Korea .
as the hotel is not famous , there were not many guests .
too many patients came to my clinic , and now , I 'm very tired !
this morning , when I was on the train , I saw a big , beautiful rainbow .
I have to write well in English to pass the exam .
thank you for your care and kindness .
for the last half year I 've tried to learn English more .
I 'm a student of a famous university .
maybe there is always a contradiction between human beings and nature .
I wish I were a girl .
when is the best season to visit Bali ?
he just did n't get what the Cameroon guy asked him in English , so his smile came out in a weird way .
and I like tasting all kinds of delicious food . my hobbies are swimming , running , painting etc .
there were interesting toys , and my son got excited ! !
now , I 'm doing business with some asian countries .
more people can get a good education .
those with humour have more opportunities to meet and make new friends .
there has been a similar trend in Jakarta , from three millions in 1970 to over 15 millions in 2015.
I went to a French restaurant with people from the same section .
he always say I am feeling not well , I have a headache and more .
he can fend for himself even in difficult times .
and then I hugged and kissed my guitar .
for me , laughing is one of the best way to reduce stress !
I think many language learners are good at reading but not very good at speaking because of lack of practicing speaking .
I also used to Facebook once .
first , if I buy a business , I can earn much more money .
one day , the people who went to a certain doctor 's office were surprised .
now a days , you can find rich people easily but finding a honest person is very hard .
I have to take care of her this weekend , so I 'm going to have a busy day .
Google , Facebook , Airbnb , Quora and Instagram are all the companies I want to work for .
in the morning , we went to the natural swimming pool . we sunbathed there and in the afternoon we visited a lot of places , museums , cellars and natural parks in the evening we went to different restaurants to eat local food .
second , we must make a difficult choice between some difficult decisions , such as discards , education , and so on .
also I 'm interested in study French but I can only introduce about myself in French .
in these interviews , Chomsky reflects on many issues regarding the attacks .
we have all experienced the feeling of fear .
although he had an exhibition at his hometown recently , I could not go because I study abroad .
unlike her , I had always been annoyed about his behavior .
I used to learn English by using only English books and audio files .
the tv show introduced various kinds of umbrellas in the world .
did the foreign media report this ?
I 'll call you back later in the morning .
because , lots of students need their long holidays to recover and break with the school routine .
however , I still have lack of English skills and
I remember another story when I was staying in Hong Kong last November , 2014.
my sister is a college senior and she has to prepare for a graduate examination .
I had a friend who was involved in a bad car crash .
my hobby is cooking , especially I like to make japanese food .
as for me , I am quite happy with my family and friends in South Australia .
in conclusion I want to say , that this form of education has to be chosen individually for each person .
there is a lot of snow everywhere .
one day I went to eat at " rules " it is one of the oldest restaurants in London , and the food was really delicious .
nowadays , in many countries , we can find same-sex couples .
I realized that I bought a lot of books which they had not yet read .
they have always told me that it 's good to have siblings .
the interest of stories is dependent on the " Rakugoka " .
the weather is very warm and cozy .
hi , this is Bohee Lee .
I usually go to a church to take English lessons on Saturdays .
half an hour ago i did n't even know what Harlem shake was .
for most people it is a main part of the working process .
Adam taught me that the restaurant is called " CoffeeEspresso " .
in chinese dietary culture , people pay more attention to pursuing the taste than to the nutrition .
I was about to tell my boss that I would devote myself to japanese .
I was interested in this book from the name of it " 451 fahrenheit " cause I love fiction .
we had some drinks in the cafe and then went to the fitness center .
parents also take baths together with their children while they grow up until they are 6-7 years old .
the last topic was how to solve your problems .
most people already know that it is used as an international language .
what 's more , it ignores the movement of time .
the next day , I took part in the spartan race in Halifax .
anyway , next month , I will working with children at a summer camp .
the conflicts are too shallow , or cliche .
but if I try to buy these in Japan ,
but I will listen to it again !
I 'm so happy and filled with excitement for the future ! !
I thought speaking English was the best way to keep it in my mind , so I looked for a part-time job at some international restaurants there .
* when I read a good story , I feel connected with the characters . I also lean more about my self .
my friends are staying in my house now .
the unclaimed treasure trove of everything from cash to diamonds and guns , even holds some items that are of only sentimental value .
he is a freshman in the machinery automation department in turned he campus .
because he was 35-year-old and he often run around for the entire 90 minutes .
because these parents forced their kids to study more ever since they was a kid .
of course I have one , but recently I accidentally lost mine .
now , when I watch the same anime that I used to watch , I understand the signs and jokes .
it 'll be helpful not only to language students but also all ESL learners .
nowadays , electricity is one of the most important needs in our everyday lives .
so I did n't write a diary last night .
I love swimming , playing games , learn more about technology of phones or computers
it had only branches during the winter , but now we can see green leaves .
time and tide wait for no man .
she thanked me a lot , and it made me feel really happy .
my name is Carlos and I live in Venezuela , South America .
today I passed my last exam and my holiday will begin soon .
I actually took them to an expensive restaurant .
I wanted to get a skate board .
I like to play football , tennis and volleyball .
my way of studying a English is listening to cds and practicing English pronunciation .
it is quite common to see that many new parents participate in classes about how to rear their children .
since I was a kid , I have enjoyed things involving mathematics , like solving mathematics problems and thinking about the concepts behind the problems .
Federer answered .
what is the best way for me ?
but , I cannot afford the price of time and money .
it is a difficult season for people who have hay fever .
I 'm twenty four years old and my hobbies are music and sport .
teacher : how are you ?
after rescue efforts for two hours , firemen finally saved his life .
I ordered a sandwich and tea .
it is made in England .
but it has a lot of problems .
this story delights me so much because it invariably makes me laugh at who it is told , because those who know me think that it is an excellent example of my way of being .
I feel down , because I do n't know what to expect now .
in Nanjing , like in most urban areas , traffic gets pretty bad during rush hour .
it is used for different things .
you solve unusual problems and your brain use centers of cortex that are involved seldom .
if you have both parents you pin a rose on the left chest , if you have only one parent you pin yellow rose , and white rose for someone who is without parents .
by knowing the acceptable consequence of these days of hard work , one may acquire more motivation and passion to face the next challenge .
I wrote three sentences as above , but I was only pointed out that there are wrong words and wrong grammar . I was not told where exactly I went wrong .
I have to admit that recently I have eaten too much , which means that I have gained weight .
hi , I 'm Ichijiku .
when we have classmates explain his homework with ppt , she walked away from the classroom , without listening to us or giving a comment .
finally I found the site .
yesterday was terrible because the water pump and pipes broke down .
he cried for help because he was too young to die , but no one dared to get involved .
many people said that when they saw it , what came to their mind was Egypt and civilization of the ancient egyptians .
I have come back from my home and I hope I will have a wonderful experience in the university .
if you live in Osaka , you 'll find it in yesterday 's morning paper .
I 'm always thinking about what foods I will make today .
he had a good career and a girlfriend , so he did n't notice how his life was poor .
if there are n't small fish , then many insects are in the lake .
Sumo is one of Japan 's national sports .
how do you say this in English ?
when I was listening to " answer Cygnoides " , it was as if I could see a fresh stream in the grasslands , flowing quietly while the sun sets .
I ca n't draw illustrations so I described what I wanted to draw , and my friend drew it .
some tests have been returned today .
it 's the best time to meet them during the day ! !
you know then that you need to ask for help from someone .
I expected that an apple would be alkaline .
maybe quest gaming with solutions in English .
what is the most important thing in English ? what is the most important thing to be able to speak in English ? orWhat is the most important thing in speaking english ?
additionally , on seeing me coming out from McDonald 's , he told me not to take anything and he invited me to the party .
we 're all catholic , but we do n't go to church so often .
my favourite food is rice .
I 'm try to learn it but my English is still bad .
I 'm going to cook beef stew because I got beef for a cheap price at a time sale .
I think that music can represent the country and culture .
it does n't like to take a shower but it loves to drink milk in the morning .
do you know about this website ?
I ca n't believe that he made it for the first time because it was really yummy !
I always feel that if I have one day to prepare for an exam , I can do well on any exam .
to tell the truth , I met my first boyfriend online .
when I heard of alarm from my phone , I didn`t want to get out of bed .
this is my first time writing in Lang-8.
she recommended to watch a lot of tv dramas in English .
also , he will be the first president without a military background .
we tried to escape from them but I felt something strange .
in addition , technology development has another possibility to assist people with disabilities because of cutting costs .
what I liked the most is the statue that represents two demons holding lanterns .
X : " no , thank you . "
generally , temporary workers have fewer chances to receive education in companies .
but I promised to meet my friends today from last week , so I should go to Gangnam after work .
I will consider starting slowly and carefully .
when it became 2017 , I enjoyed chatting on internet with some friends who speak English .
I recognized I should go there at 9:00 but it seems that I had to go at 9:30.
I have been wanting to go there .
it is a japanese meal with rice , eggs , and chicken .
meanwhile , these outcomes might be related to a non-judgmental approach of the project workers .
but the truth is that problems are very common things in life .
but I forgot it when I became an adult .
Best of all , I can rest by taking a short nap or playing with my friends .
we should find the most effective method to decrease pollution as soon as possible .
I came back my flat to eat , and I applied for a job with my cv .
most of the children are between 1 and 10 years old , and only two are 18 or 19 years old .
because I sang a lot of karaoke last night .
thanks a lot in advance
our municipality is afraid to lose control of private enterprise - that 's why we still use only municipal services for maintenance of the city .
the man goes back to the store .
in our club , we play all kinds of music : reggae , dance , trance , dubstep , hardtek and even hip-hop .
my cell phone number is +31 612 345 678.
I am a student and I am studying English .
this story is very old .
my name is Jenny , I 'm 18 years old now .
it was a nice day , and there were so many people jogging .
first , we can read it anytime .
Aquavitt is norwegian alcohol and is so strong .
everybody can speak this easy language , but why ca n't I ?
before attending this conference , I would like to learn English conversation .
improving myself is my main aim which will never stop until the end of my life ,
however , I drink it when I go to a meeting and the person in the other company offers it to me to be polite . OR- however , to be polite , I drink it when offered during a business meets .
so when I gather point documents , I share it with my coworkers .
there is even a form of English which is called " Globish " and contains just 15,000 simple words .
I ate Sukiyaki a while ago .
jewish people use chinese .
she wrote ; " somehow the mystery of language was revealed to me " .
I study at Sindibad school .
although I use English every day at work , I 've been feeling that I need to learn some new words for business .
the translation of the phrase " I love you " from one of the easten languages sounds like " I 'll take your pain on myself "
in this entry I want to talk about a movie called " 7 pounds " .
I stared blankly at it for a few seconds , until eventually I realized that I knew this book very well .
also , it is the first team where racism is a thing of the past , and they begin to treat each other the same way .
my car has been undergoing a safety inspection since this past Monday .
by the way , a new student will come here today which means I will have a new roommate !
this year , I will only send cards to my close friends .
it has some led lights built into its parts , such as in the cockpit , making it capable of replaying the hyperdrive .
sometimes , I feel like I 'm coward .
undoubtedly , things have been changing slowly , so I can understand why some women are getting impatient .
my English skills are n't good enough yet , but I think that they have gotten better than before .
many people get on trains to commute these days .
but I 'm happy to get comments from two users* .
we met at a drawing institute when I was a high school student .
after that , I went to the bar I went to before .
even though I was supposed to take an English test called EIKEN in Japan yesterday ,
I just graduated from college last year .
today , I promised to study with my friend ' DaMi ' .
because I had time .
today , I worked at my part time job in Kyoto .
I 'm going to watch a movie tomorrow night with my best friends .
I am keen on studying English .
the second class was american literature .
therefore we will study today , tomorrow , and in the future .
I just looked at my watch , and I see that it is a new day .
I wonder how much I can do by the examination .
they sang me happy birthday , we went out and had lunch , they bought me a cake , we played shuffleboard , drank beer , and then went to dance . my mom gave me a beautiful gold ring that had engraved my name and the date of my birthday . when we sliced the cake , we took many pictures . we were very happy , and we laughed about everything .
if you are curious about him , you can search for the movie unbeatable .
the biggest difference between them , I think , is whether or not spaces are used in a sentence .
of course , I 'll never give up .
by the way do you know ninja that do n't fight very much ?
he talked about the importance of the spirit of " not giving up your dream . " actually , I do n't like this " never give up " thinking , because those speakers tend to disregard people who could n't achieve their dreams .
although now the purpose of the examination has deviated , we can revolutionize the exams and adopt many different forms to test students .
I arrived in silicon Valley !
consumers have been getting and eating horse meat thinking it is beef ! ! !
one of our clients has an audit .
but the main purpose of the trip was to see a concert by my favourite singer , so I was satisfied with enjoying the good music performances .
in the castle , we can experience the real Harry Potter world .
I only got a few small red envelopes , but the total amount is more than one hundred yuan .
however , the pain suddenly went .
at first glance , it can seem as if the japanese people are peaceful , and there have never been looters , even after earthquakes .
but preparing for the earthquake is more important than worrying about earthquakes , I think .
in my dream , I can fly when I get in trouble or use other super powers when faced with a crisis .
I have a boyfriend in Japan .
I mean it brought to me the feeling of reality .
what your father 's words mean is that your future is closed .
I am entirely annoyed .
as long as this idea exists in my mother 's mind , she will be fine .
I feel relaxed .
right now , I 'm visiting my parents ' place with my 2-month-old son .
the paste was one of the best things I 've ever bought .
please tell me a special memory that happened to you when were teaching ?
upon using this phrase , should I use the " past perfect form " ?
I 'm sick of the cold winter .
for fun , I write codes for computers like Java , Python , and HTML5.
because I 'm hungry , I will go home .
it was created in 2015 to make teaching easier for teachers and learning for students .
however , there are people who think differently .
I plan to learn English .
I guess if I had fed my pet , I could have kept talking to Flavio .
the party seemed to have cost him a huge amount of money .
with his talent , he finished the american war of independence in 1781.
Bob wanted to be a bodyguard when he was fifteen .
this is one of the best ways that help me reduce stress .
2-He studied well last year .
the world without electric devices seems to not be uncomfortable from the author 's eyes .
however , after I read the news , I was afraid to take it because there were many potential risks on it .
we danced so much to Punjabi music and I got some compliments , too .
if I keep this way of cleaning everyday , eventually , my whole house will be tidy .
if there are any errors in this text , please correct them .
it was 7 months since I talked with him .
I 'm interested in French people 's habits .
- sometimes it 's difficult to translate spanish into English .
this structure is novel based , which then increased my interest in this series .
if you work a part-time job , you do n't have much time to study .
she forgot to contact my friend and did n't tell us she wo n't be there ! !
there is one other thing I would like you to consider .
today , I went to work at my part time job at the outback Steakhouse in Ikebukuro .
let 's write a story .
I want to work in elementary school because I like kids .
I 'm going to die if I forget it .
the other day , I noticed that my boss stayed in the lab until late .
as you might know , it is the one of world heritage sites in Japan .
I ca n't wait for the next lesson .
David had many hurdles in his life , but the book has a very happy ending .
but I hope all the skaters in Sochi are able to do their best .
I 'll study English hard !
to learn English , I watch often documentaries in English . if I watch the news or talk shows on tv I do n't understand , because people speak too fast . on the other hand , in documentaries people speak more slowly and so I understand a little .
both of them have a good sense humour , so I 'm looking forward to these classes every week .
I like to eat potatoes and rice .
I would like to improve my English so I can use it at work and on family holidays .
we departed Seoul at night on Saturday , August 24 , 2013 , and spent one special day for vacation .
I do n't want to lose anything anymore .
in the morning I still had a headache , so I took pain killer .
please help me with this .
one is red miso and the other is white miso , as far as I know .
having a simple meaning in English is really nice .
so I need to manage my time .
this proposal is intended to highlight the main reasons why it is necessary to start a speaking programme in order to help foreign students become more proficient in their oral skills . it will also identify what steps would be required , and conclude by making some recommendations to make the speaking programme work properly .
I am also not good at doing somethings , but I do not want to think that I ca n't do them .
there are a few common classic steps to do that , which are as follows
come to think of it , it would be hard for two children to build a lot of snowmen .
after the elections in Andalucia , there will be elections for the rest of the regions , then , the general elections will be held at the end of the year .
yesterday I registered as a user in " www .
when I visited my friend in Holland , he said " it 's very clean on the floor , I swept it , so you can take off your shoes ! "
thanks to him , I got much better .
A mysterious green-eyed guy with cascading black hair entered the room .
they think chinese people are excluding them with that word .
I am living in Beijing now , and the pollution is very serious here , especially the haze .
however , all these accusations are myths or exaggerated facts .
there are many izakayas , Japanese-style pubs , in New York , and the quality in general has been improving , which is good .
Third , Maizuru-jyo Castle is my favourite place . thirdly , the Maizuru-jyo Castle is my favourite place .
we rode the bicycle to the store .
12th April 1961
that is because originally , the site is run by a japanese company , and most of the users are japanese .
also , when does your christmas holiday start ? I may also get some days off in December .
I will stay in Canada for seven months starting from this coming September ! !
I would like to see the basement and the rooftop of the office because you said they are very nice .
I 'll probably go to back Vancouver in January .
like traffic signals . -OR- like a traffic signal .
by Tuesday , I was already acquainted with a few people .
this is a young adult woman .
Aleksandr Vasilyevich Kolchak was a participant of the russian polar expedition of 1900-1903 led by arctic geologist Baron Eduard von toll .
I think it 's very good for my mind and body , but it 's too cold to get out of bed .
I 'm looking forward to seeing the snow .
however , she was very boring .
luckily , a member of the senior staff is going to lend me a snow board this Winter .
Shelley : yeah , I 'm totally in agreement with you .
but I did n't know how to deal with it .
hi , I 'm Ray , a Lady who likes good food , films and music .
I like leaning English , and have been learning for a long time , but I ca n't improve my English at all , I always makes a lot of mistakes , besides I ca n't remember new words .
my daughter suggested to me to buy one set of sports attire so that we can jog at the weekend .
no , mom , I have to do my homework first .
I just know few grammars .
I had already been on that highway . I was so far from my home .
most of all , I like travelling and reading books .
I am an artist .
whether they have jobs or are rich or not .
yesterday I cooked curry rice and ate half of it .
we have japanese tea , and it is easy to buy bottles of it .
when I was a junior high school student , I learned how to write the English alphabet in cursive .
the room held no sign at all that I left for three years .
because many academic or technical books are written in English .
I have n't decided where to go sight-seeing yet .
I think that moving is hard .
now i very sad , because i 'm very hungry .
last year , I kept in touch with one of my friends through Facebook while she was studying in America for a year .
we 'd go in my car and we would travel to different places .
almost all koreans love it and order chicken often .
then , the conductor said , " it is only because our performance was poor . "
I tremble to think it 's still at the beginning of the winter season .
I do n't know if it is already late or not .
suddenly a lot of young people began to arrive asking for Juan , most of them were devastated , with a clear signal of sadness and worry on their faces .
when i was looking around for the 2nd floor at city hall , I saw an old man who hesitated to enter the office .
lang-8 is a very nice SNS ! !
I like listening to music and travelling .
eating , sleeping and breathing are very important in your life .
A : sometimes I come across someone strange in front of my house .
my favourite place , " Haast " is full of short trails where you can go to beautiful waterfalls and Rivers after just a 5 minutes walk .
sometimes I will watch the tv series with her .
I ate blueberry pound cake .
I went to my grandmother 's home to eat dinner with my family .
today my daughter cooked dinner .
I wish I could wipe him out of my life . "
this is because there are advantages and disadvantages in computer games .
he plays his harmonica with a friend .
when I was still a university student , I went to some countries .
these are very small , but very delicious , and the sugar content is very high .
it fits various vegetables and meats , and most japanese cuisines use it to create a japanese flavor .
the director revealed single facts which makes a consistent composition .
I would like to recommend a hotel in Almeria where you can enjoy with your family or friends because it is a pleasant place .
this would include convening a reunion to explain this matter 's development and to discuss the security policy .
hi , everyone , I 'm an old member here , and have not been online for a long time , but now I 'm coming back .
I could spend valuable time with my family swimming in the sea , climbing the mountains , catching fish in the clear river and so on .
I used to prefer cats , but now I think I prefer dogs .
I do n't want to return to Switzerland . . .
in my opinion , you should give it a chance , and moreover , do n't give up if you do n't like your first series .
public places are places mixed with different and a lot of people .
what a good buy
I study English and italian . I know ukrainian and russian .
I had 45 seconds to reply for each question .
my English is very poor so I hope I can learn more and more in here .
I have had many show experiences .
Edmund wore a turtle costume .
in addition , I believe that adding some law and discipline classes into school curriculums could be the solution to reduce juvenile crime .
we , students , have the right to study what we like .
her cousin has not been found yet since that day .
many businesses are searchable on Google , but make sure their pick up depot is not far from the airport or city . the one I use in Melbourne is great .
when I was in middle school , my family moved to Bangbae which is a rich and educated region in Seoul .
but now , I feel like I ca n't enjoy it as much as I used to do .
I might have used up all my luck .
while strolling through the park , I noticed that a lot of trees and plants were wilting because of the water shortage .
Ikatomi and the celestial maiden lived in peace , but every day she thought about how she wanted to return to her own world in the heavens .
well , why do n't you take the rest of the day off ?
nowadays , learning a foreign language is an advantage for us in order to communicate with foreigners and to get a job not only in Japan but also all over the world .
what do you think about the situation ?
when I bought the kimono , it was the second year since I had started to work and I was living alone .
its texture resembles the japanese food , " mochi " .
I 'll go to bed after brushing my teeth .
how many times did you mention it to him ?
it helps me in dealing with the harsh reality , gives me something to do , walking and forgetting about my problems .
I imagine that it did n't have a good battery when I got it .
my family moved to Guangzhou when I was 16 years old , because of my parents ' work .
these are what I want to do this year .
but , why are we so excited about these gossips and scandals ?
normally , they are put on their kimonos at a beauty salon .
the main reason for taking leave is that I want to spend time with my children .
thank you very much for reading my weird and long story .
I 'm not sure of the probability of finding an item which someone lost in Japan , but in my opinion , it might be higher than other countries .
I have to do something nice for them before it is too late . . .
they were a young couple who get pleasure through the torture of young ladies .
we are having the primary elections pretty soon in Iowa on February 1st , and in other states in the months to follow .
but , I found a useful and free website providing a lot of songs that I 've not learned yesterday so that I can continue to learn to play new songs .
please join me . . .
Uric acid
but he used the microwave and burned the sugar .
I 'm still sick and I keep going to study English .
for a year and a half .
she 's been taking online lessons almost every day , but she seems to be too busy for her homework these days .
because of summer vacation , Manga Kissa is so crowded especially in the main stations in Tokyo .
after I check your order confirmation from the head office , I will send it to you .
I went to see a movie of the anime I wanted to become comics .
one of my colleagues says , and I totally agree .
they are more focused on their new app HiNative instead . or they are focusing on their new app HiNative instead .
other kids who were not far from us enjoyed diving from a cliff .
according to my sister , when the conflict of Russia and the Ukraine just occurred at the time , there were books about the two countries appeared in the bookstores right after a week .
that time was very meaningful to me , but I also feel bad about the world .
I hope my son will like it there .
I did n't really have the money , but I worked out a way to put it on credit .
I am waiting for them to call my name at a hospital .
I am worried about Sagawa couriers .
my English skill is bad , so I want to improve it .
it was an exciting movie .
it 's difficult to find the courage to go out with this weather , but eventually you have to do it because if not you can end up staying alone at home all weekend .
I understand why I 've been waking up at midnight recently .
one day , however , Pandora , forgetting the recommendations of Zeus , out of curiosity , decided to raise only a little , the lid of the jar that had been given , to give just a look inside and see what it really contained .
I do n't necessarily eat three times a day , and I am short of nutrition because of usual eating instant food .
I have been watching the Neftlix series : " abstract " and I think that it is really really inspiring for designers , art lovers or those who are interested in learning about the real world of art and design .
I underestimated the difficulty of graduate school .
with a lot of thanks
about two or three weeks ago , I read in a newspaper that the last work of Sorrentino was nominated for the academy award for Best Foreign languages film .
and then I went to LUMINE .
therefore , the death penalty is not so effective .
Aristoteles said once " Man is by nature a social animal , as society is something that precedes the individual . " however sociobiologists nowadays have opionions contrary to that concept of human being .
normally they are divided into two opinions .
students are not allowed to attend without a gown , so I 'm honestly relieved to have remembered that .
I 've used Tabi for a long time .
now Iwill continue to look for my love .
so I am pleased .
the main election day is April 13 , but that day I 'm going on a vacation to a foreign country .
my name is Nastya , I 'm from Russia .
hi I am a new English learner .
it , as a birthday gift , was bought by my friend when I was 20 years old .
he majors in computer science at Carnegie Mellon university .
she is wearing black clothes , is holding a black briefcase and is also wearing black heels .
and I hope that you will help me .
when I called the company to do it before , they asked me for a lot of money .
firstly , we propose to add the parallax effect to your main site .
in addition , in taking that kind of risk , you can try to start a new life by yourself and prove how much you can gain .
I am prepared for the English document .
this intership gave me the opportunity to improve and use my English on a daily basis .
and I really love this site , after 2 hours being registered here !
I reserved the train and a taxi last night for 5:40AM this morning , and set my alarm clock , which was my cellphone 's one function , at 5:00AM .
politics is something everybody speculates on , so it can never be regarded as a field of science .
in my opinion , Australia or America have better schools and universities than in Russia .
I like to stay at home .
I guess , you are not interesting in me and my life , but maybe you are interesting in China and living in this country .
it 's getting so humid and hot in Japan .
thus , I decided to write about how I feel about writing .
this will be possible thanks to the alert tab , in which the currently processing NTTs are located .
we are too quick to judge things we are n't familiar with , especially when it concerns our families or friends .
help me please~
it 's very important for me to know English .
and they looked worried , but for us the situation was funny .
I 'm living in Australia now .
my name is Taiki .
we can meet 1 day
how would you respond to that ?
my name is Santiago , I 'm a student from Uruguay and I 'm twenty one years old , currently studying Serigraphy and English .
I want to be a valuable person to society and my friends .
my favourite sport is volleyball .
the woman who is in the video is one of the Chief executive candidates and the man is her assistant .
actually , I am that person - I do n't follow any special diets so much as I try to avoid certain things .
well , next month I would like to write more and more per day , if my time would give me a rest . unfortunately I do n't believe in it , in other words I 'm an pessimistic about those things .
he left one child and he was so young , his family is very depressed .
but I was surprised at the truth that it was my USB device which probably was in my pants during the wash .
College or university is suitable for making that time .
it is really good for children to learn English earlier than ever before .
so I am starting to study English here .
I like the fountain pen .
in other words , I like trying anything I have n't done before .
today I made a new blog .
my son is a picky eater .
yesterday I had a very difficult day .
I look around me and try to find an alternate way .
it seems quiet difficult for working parents to decide whether they should send their children to daycare centers .
my writings contain a lot of meaningful words .
sorry , we do n't have the photo .
he was looking forward to meeting his friend .
he was always talking about something while cutting my hair .
in conclusion I think that I will hang this picture on the wall in my bedroom .
I think it should be reduced to 18.
I usually do experiments in my lab such as handling chemical reagents , animal cells , colon bacillus and other materials .
furthermore , I really want to interact with the locals .
I will start it in November , so I have time , but I have to decide now , so I do n't have time any more .
he voluntarily applied for a missionary expedition to the east Asia .
when I got a home , the japanese boy send me a text and he said " I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry for being a nuisance " .
this show has more viewers than the olympic games , even though the olympics are still considered to be one of the mostviewed events on tv , rivalling the Elvis Presley show in 1969.
tomorrow , I will do a presentation for my current research project and have it assessed .
he told me that I must immediately do a surgery .
for example , they always use common food materials .
then I have to think about her feelings .
I love everyone .
I 'm trying to learn how to skate , so I got to work with a skateboard , but I only skated for about 2 or 3 days , so it was a huge failure and I fell a lot of times , luckily no one saw it loud
I do not know how long this custom will last , but I think that it will disappear sometime soon .
how can I use English in my daily life ?
I 've been very busy thinking about two things .
ich schreibe wegen des gerippten Ahorn .
I move the paper to a silver steel carefully .
when eating a sushi roll , it is delicious to cut and eat it .
I major in japanese , but I prefer speaking English . every time I speak English I feel happy . my dream is to travel all around the would , I want to experience different culture and ways of living . I want to make many foreign friends so that we can chat about our daily life , so that I can learn more about this world .
do you prefer to start preparing a presentation a month ahead , or to wait until you have some ideas ?
I believe the most important thing is you can go to bikini
I always end up forgetting to write a diary .
the portions were generous and we could n't finish them , so we brought them home .
they have been active for a long time .
if you do n't like travelling alone , I wantto say " give it a try ! "
I love Christian bale and his character in american psycho is one of my favourites .
his native country Philippines is a poor country , and he was born in a farmer family .
I knew that this song was a song of unrequited love from the content of its lyrics .
unexpectedly , it was not so bad .
I had a blood sample taken at the hospital today .
it was like an id photo about 20 years ago , but now , it has changed !
I went to bed at 11pm last night and slept well .
I also went to a rabbit cafe then I went my home !
I can post something , and if I do n't get many views or comments immediately , I 'll just relax and wait until my friends have the time to look .
I really love minions , the yellow characters that look like beans .
Pokemon was put on the market all over the world yesterday .
early in the morning my neighbour woke me up .
ever since she was very little , she 's always been very good at mimicking .
I am now in London .
hello , I am French and I want to learn to translate English into French .
it is said that a good way to learn English is to watch the same DVD over 10 times in English and in japanese , then switch it back and forth .
I have been living here for one month and have finally gotten used to my new life .
-My mother advised me to have a look at the pressure cooker .
and my teachers know that if I go to the USA , I will return in September and they say that it 's not a problem , because I am a good and clever student .
my major is mining engineering and my future job will extracting coal by open-cust mining .
I have sometimes asked her ' are you tired , mom ?
I have to smoke and drink coffee .
I have been taught English by a lot of japanese teachers .
well , I like to read and listen to music , and sometimes I write .
the first time I proposed this idea , I thought it would be the coolest , and we could make it good .
according to buddhism , we have to train become like the Buddha .
lastly , Oxy company should be kicked out of Korea after paying compensation to victims .
Sebastian , would you like to show the ex-chancellor out now ?
wasn`t it ?
one day I want to go to NY to experience the culture .
I am studying bookkeeping .
according to the weather forecast , typhoons will come from this Friday to this Sunday . it was raining on Friday .
people celebrate a bumper harvest in past year during harvest time .
I can understand each and every word written in English .
to achieve this , the government ought to promote economic development .
in my opinion , advertisements in mass media does not give people real information about products .
without a satisfying career , life is meaningless .
personally , I would like to visit Pekin to discover the forbidden City , the summer Place , Temple of heaven and the Great Wall .
I had to go to the pharmacy to buy a bulb separately .
at first , I thought it would suck since the sponsors did not seem familiar with all the activities so they did not go so smoothly .
my favourite artists are Bruno Mars , ed Sheeran and more .
that is to say , people tend to follow what other people do .
some believed the supermarket 's keeper should have not searched the girl , its illegal .
I do n't know why no one appreciate me , but I should not be bothered by it .
it cannot be explained any more what kind of thing it is to understand things . it cannot be explained any more what kind of thing we need to understand things .
Althougt the government tries its best to recover but the efficiency of it is not really high .
President trump will arrive in Japan today .
I feel many of the people are forgetting and paying less attention to this tragedy , including myself .
the sky . . .
this relationship can be split by separating those processes .
so I browsed product Hunt to kill time .
tomorrow , I will meet my friends from I was a junior high school student .
I went to the NYC with my friends from Friday to Sunday .
first , the opposition maintains that animal testing is cruel and inhumane ; however , there are some contradictions .
however , this is n't our only job .
on top of that , I conducted a traffic volume survey .
I have a special sketchbook for my pictures .
today is a typical bbq day , with friends and beers .
lately , I 've found myself squeezing into my pants .
I did n't understand this sentence at all .
I 've never heard the second one before , but apparently it 's also correct .
my favourite foods : chocolate with nuts , pizza , and pasta .
only a few people come in each day .
I think the reason for my first practice test being a terrible score was because of my old eyes .
I have two reasons for why I want to take a trip around the world .
we can see a huge inequality between salaries in different professions .
I 'd like to show how happy I am to join this website .
however , I have decided that I 'm going to work here until I get qualification .
my anxiety was increasing as they both looked at me so relaxedly , whereas I felt like a lion in a cage .
in Japan , sadly , chess is not a popular game , but japanese chess which is called " shogi " is predominant instead .
he said , " this is so good ! ! " I was happy to hear that .
in your letter you asked me about family duties .
I was looking forward that he would be mine .
I thought he was trying to con me .
I bought a book about learning English for the TOEIC and just started reading it today .
by contrast , textbooks - which are checked and revised by authorities before being published - are much more reliable tools for teaching .
Jamaica , the motherland of reggae music , was colonized for over 450 years by Spain and the UK .
so guys help me please .
I went to Chichibu city to watch the autumn leaves with my mother .
my first impression of the building is that it was huge .
I 'm from China , and now I 'm in the USA .
my friend plays rugby and he has more endurance than me . so I always go to the gym discouraged - hahaha !
I am using my mac to study English now , having left the temple .
could you give me any advise or ideas on how to develop it ?
I can grow an enormous interest in anything .
my husband and I went to the outlet mall today .
now one of six children is growing up in poverty .
I love animals and I really enjoy having many friends from all around the world . if you want to learn some things in spanish , I could help you and we can share our thoughts .
but I 'm trying to overcome my complex .
since I teach Yoga , I see many body types and shapes , and I think about body mechanics a lot .
I felt lonely , I got frustrated , and I missed my japanese friend .
it follows that I was not only happy but relieved .
for some people like me , it is n't plain sailing to choose a favourite song , because I think there are favourite songs for specifics situations , when you are sad , or happy , or in love , etc .
" I know the word bank so I did n't look it up in the dictionary . "
we live with everybody .
for example , Longmen Grottoes , White horse Temple , and relics of the Sui and tang dynasties .
almost every game plays at midnight in Beijing time .
today is the third day .
I dream that we will not behave exclusively according to the expectations of family and society .
I am studying English and spanish and hope to find friends here .
my husband and I went to Detroit to take a look beforehand because we plan on taking our friends to the Detroit institute of arts next month .
happy New year to you !
through making a " best of " album , I looked back at my feeling with which I chose each song and re-think about my way of life and music .
the reason I like that restaurant is , not only because that place it has a wonderful view of the Ocean and yummy food , but also because the waiters there are so kind and friendly . . . .
I am interested in solutions of environmental problems , sustainable communities , agriculture , fermentation related to composting and producing biogas .
I can help you out with vietnamese if you need it .
he and I talk about music .
I have to post a story of a patient on Facebook .
he has to undertake the operation for both of his eyes , but at different times .
the tiger was surprised because he did n't know what a dried persimmon was so he thought it is an animal which is more scary than him .
Picasso began writing in 1935 when he was , nevertheless , 54 years old , which is by far not a young age .
getting to know another culture like this is really interesting and it makes me think a lot more .
I have never been there but i hope in the future that i will travel to it at least one time .
I want to find interesting books .
in contrast , the span of japanese university is 4 years , because its system is based on the american system .
but what movie do you recommend ?
but , suddenly , and against the forecast , the weather conditions changed and the boat started to become more and more unstable .
I firmly believe that the city council should be concerned about youth and invest in some alternative leisure activities for them , such as athletic and cultural events .
for example , is there japanese class in U.S japanese schools .
he 's become as tall as me .
hi , I 'm Tommy , I live in Tokyo .
for these reasons , computerized devices are an essential part of modern life .
so , that means you just need to pay RMB 13998 for two event passes .
I wanted to buy a black mp3 player .
first of all , thanks to internet devices , we can communicate with foreign companies and people .
but it got worse and at last , I could n't stand up and went home earlier than usual .
I have been feeling depressed for a couple of days .
today my parents and my older sister took part in an marathon hosted in a neighboring city .
so I called her and we ate dinner together .
it suddenly stopped working the day before yesterday .
I think that , in spite of having to come to England , it has been a wonderful experience .
so , nice to meet you all , and thanks for your hospitality !
however , he had never taught us the joy of learning in our childhood .
I have a lot of work today , and I 'm fed up with it .
I want to upload my pictures onto my profile but I do n't know how to do it yet .
he had only 13 ships made from steel , called tuttle ships and got a win against 134 ships from Japan .
the third is to eat delicious japanese food
my hobby is watching movies , and my favourite one is star wars .
you eat a lot of delicious food and you get some nice gifts .
I was woken up by my biological clock at 7 o ' clock this morning .
I hope that I can help you with your chinese learning and receive your help with my learning at the same time on this website .
I will be praying for a quick recovery .
Young people are talking on the internet , they wash their hair without shampooing and rinsing , it 's called " Yushan . "
was my service very good ?
I have read about some of the requirements and it appears that a discursive essay is a pretty common writing form on it .
my favourite singer is Tohosinki .
loud I also skip the resting part because I do n't really have muscle pain .
so I want to improve my English level .
doing sightseeing on your own could be fantastic and instructive but if you are going with a partner you are always going to speak in your own language .
thanks to them , I can bring it anywhere safely .
she only sent me that , so I do n't know what round her team is in now .
I want to learn english to exchange experiences with other people in the world without needing a web translator for that , as I do now , a bit .
it opens our minds and allows people to be more respectful with different ways of thinking .
oh , there was an evening party held at 7:30.
it 's a very sweet and delicious food .
at first I watched the sun using telescopes which cost hundreds or thousands of dollars .
from time to time I hear things like : " I dream about . . . " but you know , they do n't say : " I dream about the wings " , " I dream to conquer space " , I 've never heard " my dream is a world without a cancer " , " I dream about a time machine " . . .
I like sleeping and watching tv series .
in March I have to sit for the Languange 1 final exam , and I will also have to write a coherent composition of 300 words .
when I was an elementary school kid , teachers handed out school lunch menus to us , and I was looking forward to the school lunch that I would eat tomorrow .
these days I have been studying here everyday .
he was sitting comfortably in his armchair .
I went to work at South cafe .
the next day I heard it was heat stroke .
I want to be of help to people who want to learn korean and share the culture with many people .
some people say if they knew what they really wanted to do before going to college they would not need to waste their money .
I graduated in April , but I did n't get a job .
if you are too busy studying and have no time for work after school , please check these apps , you will find something nice .
of course , I could help you learn japanese .
I am not looking forward to work , but I am looking forward to going to the zoo .
today , americans celebrate thanksgiving on the fourth Thursday of November by eating turkey .
I travelled to Disney resort in Orlando , US , last week .
I do n't know how to communicate with her , how to talk to her , how to build a love connection with her .
by the way , my friends will be come to Canada in the middle of March .
I understand the feeling of the people who do n't like corrections from non-native English speakers .
I have to strike a balance between work , studying , and family .
I am saving money and I want to go to the United States ! !
I only have one friend in this city , and we are n't in touch now .
she live in another city , we have maybe 200 km between us .
my boss can speak English , so I can only hear the discussion .
is this because I always practice grammar and reading books ?
hmm , did the forecast predict it would rain today ?
certainly , marijuana cannot be accepted in Japan .
generally , Han Fei 's book used some stories to easily understand these ideas .
today I subscribed to Grammarly 's premium account .
I have been trying to be a simple , sincere , smartethical man .
why does that sentence need with ?
however , there are some disadvantages related to environment and health .
i like cats , they are my favourite pets .
I think Google translation is grammatically correct , even though there may be some other errors .
from the plane we could see huge mountains and when we landed we could see them very close to us because the airport was right on a mountain .
first , I would like to enjoy my family to the max because when I worked I did n't have a lot of time for them .
I 've been looking for a job online all day . . .
it is the Ocean 's series .
the first times I went with my parents , often for New year 's Eve .
I think that it should improve its new addition of making phone calls to ensure it provides the same quality as in traditional once but I highly recommend downloading this new software application , because of the unique and easy way it enables people to communicate .
is that true ?
every generation at our college is awesome .
thousands years later , today , the chinese gov had built a new Great Wall in a new field .
nobody can buy a nice climate .
in Korea , many people go to their hometown around lunar new year day .
it was very cold today .
if I go down from the tree and walk on the ground , I will be killed by predators , or I will exercise on the tree , become too tired and then fall down to ground .
but I just thought to myself , I need to stop pretending I 'm an optimistic girl .
how can I link each of the words in group 1 to each of the words in group 2 using these prepositions to get these phrases correct ?
I 'm sorry I 've not been in touch with you for so long , I 've been very busy .
once the kids found out , the children tricked their parents into the nursery and locked them in , then waited for the projections of the lions , which had become real after the children had tampered with the room , to eat the parents alive .
but it is still not the same .
I could n't see what he was thinking .
it is amazing that the market share of iPhone in Japan is just 70% , while in the USA its share is only 43% .
however , it is changing these days ; that is , valentine 's day is becoming the day that women give chocolate not only to the men they love , but also to their female friends , a phenomenon prevalent especially among teenagers .
almost everyday it rains and sometimes it is very hard .
she does n't get a chance to have lunch and she does n't even go to the bathroom when she needs to .
so what should we do ?
you see , I had to leave quickly , and I forgot to take out the trash .
could you give me some advice ?
in a recent interview , Ryota said that , since he is really picky about food , he can only eat a few things overseas .
I have n't seen you , Lang-8 users , for a long time .
Haha I do n't know how to describe it in many ways , but I have felt it .
her mother died and her father married another woman who had two daughters .
you need to pass it on ; it should not make you go down , because if you get a disease you lose because you did not even care about yourself .
after a one-week trip , I came back .
I take most of the food from a refrigerator and then I put them in order .
those people are selfish , just like one of your friends .
my goal is to walk two or three times per week during this autumn .
it was a hard question .
that is to say , my accomplishment was done not only by my effort but also by invisible blessings of deities and many people 's support .
I gave my friend the cream puffs , then I went to a music studio to practice the drums from 10pm to 11pm .
by the way , the carp this season are very strong and are positioned in the top place of the central league !
but you are very beautiful ! "
it removes the meaning of translation , which is cultural transmission .
people who are from a rich family or the upper middle class can enjoy better educational sources and living environment , while those from a lower class may worry about tuition and health care .
after I finished watched it , I thought guys should also experience the pain before they become a dad .
do you brush your teeth every night ?
I enjoyed embroidering today .
I 'm not a specialist of it , so I do n't know how this phenomenon have improved
he told me that he was a captain for 20 years when he was younger .
I think she has a very good sense of humour .
they usually go to the supermarket near my house
he continued , " oh , I see . "
you will find a crowd of black and dark grey when you walk through the streets in Japan in winter .
yesterday she came into the living room and told us something .
I thought I should use them before I lost them .
firstly , I would like to congratulate " youth empowerment " for its praiseworthy work with young people , and I would like to highlight the progress that has been made by your organization aimed at youngsters in risk of social exclusion in my community .
he asked me about a place to eat lunch .
it must have a lot of functions , though .
I 'm learning English in the USA !
according to a news report , the temperature was over 30 degrees celsius in Hokkaido a northern area in Japan .
hi !
I think life goes like this , we can choose to let the time pass by us . alternately , we can choose to be awake and aware of the time and space surrounding us .
I 'm learning English because I will be studying abroad in Australia next August .
we managed to find over 10 clams that day and brought them back to the hotel to make climb soup .
I hope everybody will like them .
I find that there are so many people who would like to learn a second language like me .
many people know that I have been studying psychology for over three years .
Three books were sent with a strange note , she opened one and she saw that .
I compare myself with other people , not only friends , but also people I do n't know very well , Facebook ' ' friends ' ' who share their stuff there and whose lives I do n't even care about , but I end up thinking , ' ' their lives are more interesting than mine . ' '
why do i have such a thought ? because these days people are subtle .
I can get a holiday allowance .
I would adopt an empirical approach , which comes out of cognitive neuroscience . when you are investigating complex issues , such as interaction with others , coordination of social actions etc . , you must query other disciplines such as sociology , semiotics and philosophy , for two main reasons .
although the right to information act is administered in 2005 , some water related information has not been made public . this type of information is also not easy to access .
I have lived in my house for twenty years .
I 'll write one more practice essay from yesterday .
today , I had an English spoken lesson . the topic was " do you like keeping pets ? " .
hi , my friend . I hope you 're well .
today , I bought a ticket to the musical Aladdin .
we generally call the above mentioned second comer a " free rider " .
for instance , I upload photos on Facebook or Twitter and they can see me without being nearby .
compared with Japan , it 's not so humid but the sunlight here is strong .
as we want to keep on sharing this aim with the families , we have thought that it would be very useful if you could come to the class to talk to them about your interesting job at the UN .
so , I 'll let you know how to make the citron tea .
the internet provides much information , many friends and cultures but it also gives us many stresses .
then I tried to draw that picture again today .
if I had a best friend , I would be happier .
japanese users can make a domestic land call for free in Japan .
I was listening to the song in a car while driving with my family .
the event that left the strongest impression on me was " turtle talk " .
we spent 2 hours going to her home and shoveled the snow and cleaned up the garage .
you can visit the web-site below , you can see " 50 places to visit before you die " .
I want to keep working there . if I get a work visa it would be great , but I 'm not sure I can keeping working . . .
I love cars from the pixer movie , especially the character called Guido .
I 'm a nonbeliever , but I sometimes go to a shrine .
yes , that 's right !
he tends to step in whenever a dispute occurs .
easter is slowly ending and I am spending each leisure time studying English and preparing for college .
exactly ! ! ! !
on this occasion , I feel my words impotent in lamenting this legend during his life and after his death , except from repeating some of his immortal , brilliant , and inspiring words .
so I guess reading would not be a hard thing for me , even though it will be in a different language .
we have become so obsessed with finding a genuine human trait , that we have ended up killing them .
I am from Kharkov and I can speak russian and ukrainian
I usually go to work by transferring to three trains in about an hour .
the japanese government says the income of this tax is used for the welfare of nations .
hello everyone . my name is Momo .
in December , a get-together named the year-end party is held .
in fact , they are fighting against the high levels of radiation and many bitter situations at the front of the disaster area .
last year , a corn potato soup taste was sold .
I hope we can help each other to learn foreign languages .
there were note cards , notebooks , a textbook for japanese certificate test and packs of soybean milk .
thank you all and I hope you will help me in my journey to learn how to write better English .
finally , the little one could beat the big one .
things did n't go the way I expected .
I played with them and they seemed to enjoy it so I was happy .
I could feel that my body was getting better than yesterday .
after two months of begging his parents to take him to the pool .
those guys liketo celebrate christmas in the summer .
what can I do to achieve my goal ?
from the picture we can see there is no obvious symmetry in the layout .
waiting for input , so moving into a pending state .
I suggest that personality is completed with recognition and comparison from others , but if they have school uniforms , it 's getting difficult to do that .
I will have finished this project by this weekend .
I had my bicycle repaired at a cycle shop .
recently , however , psychologists have a more tolerant view of risk taker personalities .
yesterday , my job was very busy .
we use Miso for everything , just like western people use kechup for everything .
live in Shanghai , study in the US , Highschooler , swagger
we had bought a ball yesterday because we would play today .
in Japan , a lot of people dream to become a civil servant , because that job has good conditions , including stability , the seniority system and so on .
I believe I will be able to speak English very well and professionally .
I did n't agree with this suggestion .
I have been thinking about getting myself a drawing tablet .
I 'm moving to another city this year .
I want to begin studying another foreign language .
" Cotard syndrome is a mental disorder characterized by two symptoms : first , the patient believes that he is dead or he has lost his organs . secondly , the patient stops doing normal things , such as eating and speaking . "
protestors have analyzed the changing situation
I applied for a job in some companies , but they still have n't replied .
what does this sentence mean in japanese ?
two days ago , I slept for ten hours each day .
but I use a hair dryer .
she soon became known as an outstanding actor .
as a rule , when you meet a traffic light , if it is orange , you can still go .
I 'm playing ' ' Pokemon go ' ' , but I have n't found a Pikachu yet .
I was able to hear the sound of the train and railroad crossing clearly .
but he was not good at speaking .
I like boxing and cycling .
I had a lot of fun with loving friends and the flamenco !
today is rainy , but I must go to school on the hill . . . .
Holmes is intelligent and really loves wired crimes .
I am sure that I should write here frequently , but it is very difficult to write an entry about something .
it is unwise to borrow money from a friend .
while I was on the train , scenery changed to normal , and I was relieved .
I want to walk around the track and see a lot of flowers .
my new favourite way to learn English .
seconds later , I saw the victim bleeding heavily , and he lay down on the floor and died .
last summer holiday , my family went to see a circus act .
I never felt like I fit in in Italy in general , it 's like I do n't belong here anymore , probably because I always feel like I 'm a bit different from my parents , and from italian ideas in general , but of course I still think that is a beautiful country , just not the smartest one .
from late last year to last month , I got tons of work to do in office .
I want to tell you about one of my hobbies .
I live in Russia .
we are spiritual beings having a human experience .
I 've been trying to do that , but it 's difficult !
you can easily find new jobs in a big city because of all the companies and attractiveness the big city has .
and then in the evening , I did leave my backpack on the seabus !
I wish you too .
I woke up at 7:00 am , and I went to high school .
you can see a lot of stars in the sky because of the fresh air .
my name is Hye-Won Hong , and I 'm 16 years old .
I bought it about four months ago , I had a purpose to keep logging in my activities and my sleep times .
there are not enough food , clothes and housing .
this is title of my research paper .
you told me so , and you are always right .
in conclusion , foreign universities have a lot of advantages and they are good universities .
the only problem is that I 'm not being coached , so I retired after a few hours .
after finishing the drawing event , I got a call from the business planning department , and I needed to back to the office .
is this bag yours ?
studying it and speaking it fluently is one of my big purpose of this project .
they use gestures and students can learn things in quite a short time using their voice and their bodies .
in summary , paying attention to famous people can help us find the right way and make correct decisions ; moreover , it will give us motivation to follow our dreams .
in all seasons , I love a glass of beer .
she likes korean culture , so I would like to introduce her to a traditional korean village .
this is what an egg roll looks like .
this weekend , I am not taking any mba classes , so I have enough time to stay with my family .
as a native chinese , I understand what chinese travelers and tour guides expect and need .
so I want to go there .
for example , the 5th clause was written about the jurisdiction getting equal treatment to commonality .
the sun was shining and I could hear the birds singing and even the butterflies were flying .
okay when going to school I first start to walk along the second street , then I turn up to the park and I walk among the trees .
so I can continue to watch without stress .
I come from Vietnam .
in the center of the bottom , engrossingly , the patron Enrico Scrovegni donates his church to Three Marys , while kneeling in the mural .
English is difficult , so please teach me .
it 's big and has a long , long nose .
this blog will be about everything controversial that my mind will wonder about : poems , music , ideas , ethics , also political controversies and many more .
by the way , I bought a book which introduces current japanese culture in English today .
how have you been ? ?
he told me to find another girl and eat together .
so please say you 'll be here .
I saw it on the tv news .
I wish all you a happy new year first .
when I got there , I found the book which I needed was on the shelf and took it .
playing guitar is fun !
Saturday , October 1 , 2016
there might be some information about teachers and their qualifications .
hello Lang-8
recently , there was a lottery where you could win an anime action figure , a stuffed toy and other things in a japanese convenience store .
A few drops of soy sauce .
I hope that I will have a great time with the customer next week .
students need a structured curriculum .
all the authors have already approved these corrections .
it was the last day of the summer break .
hi Juck
in a week my husband is going to America to participate in academic meetings from today .
and now , my goal is clearer , I want to work for theUN .
even if he usually says that he does n't like this kind of trouble or to teach Mr.
I am a research assistant working at a university in Hong Kong .
but I still have some favourite members remaining who are currently working over there ; there are Keith and Freddie haha .
I just see three different countries fighting in Korea for their own benefits .
if the governments and the people of these countries would not be receptive to cultural diversity , their economies would shrink and many people would slide back into poverty again , thus causing more severe problems .
for me , the more entertainingly I study English , the better I can speak .
I always get bitten by mosquitoes , and I do n't know what on earth makes me so attractive to them .
I often have some drink with my friends and go to the club playing reggae music .
do your countries have that class , too ?
what is the university system like in your country ?
also I often get angry but I always endure it because I have no choice .
it was stolen by someone , when I was playing a boring game with my friends .
I live in Saitama , Japan .
I 'd like to thank my teachers or people who have corrected my English on this site .
Chelsea 's forward players are very strong .
hi , it is my first time to use this service .
I was looking for a white based tie .
I 'm an architect and I love architecture news , reading , and coocking libyan food .
today , I could n't make any progress with my tasks . . .
but these things happened already , and we have to learn from the past to avoid making the same mistakes again , and we have to stop that wheel of pain by giving countries the rights that they deserve over their lands , and some support for the country to become a comfortable place for their citizens .
I hope it is a good beginning to make a difference .
despite it is said that the police are good there , pickpocketing is widespread , particularly in Pamble .
then , it really can move as you think in your heart .
the above sentences are both correct , but their meanings are different .
if this situation keeps on happening my country may be sinking .
because I like being clean .
what did I do for myself today ?
I studied languages to travel all over the world , not to stay behind a desk !
I may use line more than I use Twitter .
I managed to sleep a few hours last night .
having a diploma is not that important , but doing what they like is the most important thing .
today I heard from his relatives that he had a blood clot , but he has had surgery that was successful .
sales should be booked by gross amount .
let me introduce myself to you .
first , I have no idea what should I do .
this year I have chosen to come to Aguilas and I 'm here with my parents .
the server is able to record all tv programs from six channels during a two week period .
at least it gave me time to write this post .
when you 're mad , you had better listen to music that you want .
for example , doctors , nurses and teachers who are closely connected with everyday life should be evaluated higher than they are now .
now we are both married and have our own children .
I love a lot of bands like Nirvana , Coldplay , RHCP , MCR and so on .
fortunately the rest-stop was before the jam . I was relieved from the incident even though it took an hour to get out of the jam .
I 'm very excited to go to Germany and meet you and your husband .
we call it ramen .
it reminded me of a passage from a sci-fi book written by Ursula K Le Guin .
he nodded and went to get a banana .
I was in despair , but I wanted to survive until I found a boat or a plane around there .
today , I was working on the slide all day .
I am living in Zhengzhou , Henan and my favourite hobby is playing ping-pong .
there are four seasons in Japan , so we often talk about which season is the best but actually , I barely have a favourite season .
however , one day my friends and I went to his house .
today I went to an alternative school .
it looks like very difficult to improve the situation .
in my opinion , stronger discipline is always beneficial at schools .
should I read a lot of English books ?
I had a lot of chocolate ice cream but I did n't feel better .
I live in Ukraine , which is the most wonderful place in the world .
when I was a university student , I belonged to a snowboarding club at a university and there were other members who love snowboarding more than me .
though scientific technology has developed so much today , I ca n't help saying that in newspapers and tv programs there are many pieces of information which are n't based on scientific evidence .
seven eleven is one of the famous convenience store in Japan .
all employees who have birthdays in this month join the party .
I 'll also talk with my family about how we 'll contact each other if there 's a serious earthquake when we wo n't be able to use phones , again .
I like eating pizza .
I like to eat puffs and I really like to read .
I like you , but you do n't like me . . .
I got up early and now I am practicing guitar .
it 'd be good for people learning japanese , but conversation-wise , it wo n't be the best choice for japanese people learning other languages .
my kitchen 's faucet has been leaking for a week .
but honestly I do n't have the faintest idea about it , all I knew about it was that it is a system that intercepts missiles launched from China targeting the US .
to start with I would like to write that this great book was a good choice .
it 's one of problems that lead to high unemployment rate and low income .
the two centers are very close , and are both nuclei of London .
this morning , on my way to the office , I felt so happy because it was a sunny day .
" if you lose your money , you will lose a small part of your life .
I 'm looking forward to meeting new friends here . feel free to say hello or send a message whether you have any questions in japanese or not .
for example , when I was looking at a company that is in the real estate industry , I found that they have a public welfare team called " WeLovePets " , which often holds activities like visiting the pet shelter , playing with the dogs and sending toys to pets .
HIRO : actually my girlfriend is going along with her friend .
I have a plan for today evening .
the neglect of these languages leads to the serious problem that the part of culture created by minority languages may go extinct .
so in order to change my lifestyle I have to be more active .
some of my friends are not virgins , but they have slept with guys who have known each other intimately .
it 's been a long time because we were on winter vacation .
I am waiting for the day .
I ca n't stand it any more .
I need to use English with my colleagues because I 'm working with a global software development team .
today , I met two foreigners near Kyoto station .
Im not sure how much she understands , so I translate into our language and check her understanding later .
I 'm amber , a college student in China .
I 'm very shy but with my friends I 'm talkative also i 'm kind and respectful with everybody , i 'm intelligent and very responsible because my mom is very strict with me to do my homework and activities well .
my brother looked happy because he won the tennis game .
I went to school , but most of my classmates were absent today .
I received an urgent email from our colleague in the USA which says our counterpart has asked us to have a meeting about our project .
I love Friday because I can rest for 2 days .
I miss her so much that I did n't think about other things .
I had kind of anticipated that there might be some people from the audience to disappear after the famous " Hallelujah " , but the audience remained from the start to finish .
but if I drop out of the class today , my English leader will ask me the reason
I think I will write a short sentence everyday .
especially in the developed countries such as Japan , USA & the european countries , people should have a vast knowledge to gain a place society .
as well as taking responsibility for myself , I should also take responsibility for my family and my country or society .
because it will be a busy day .
the company selling it advertises that you can speak English just by listening to this material like background music .
I am studying English to take college exams and my future .
therefore , I did n't know what to talk about . . .
I uploaded some of the other japanese Google logos above .
the young people in the old days and the young people now are obviously in different situations , so the new story must have been made to fit this day and age .
the role of Shylock was played by Kabuki actor , Ennosuke Ichikawa .
I hope this is not because I listened to " bad Day " in the morning . . . .
I want to spend time learning English , or doing something variable .
for me , she is still a reliable mother .
and why not add others ' projects to the one we made .
I was scared to take a English class because I have n't had one recently .
then , later I strolled near the town ,
but I like it . . . .
the Tokyo metropolitan government resolved to exterminate all of the mosquitoes living at Yoyogi Park . most of the area was already closed at Yoyogi park .
I think it is a choice , because obese people may be able to survive when we ca n't get food for a while .
because I actually do n't know how to study English by myself .
chat with someone on skype at least an hour a day .
I just wanted to avoid being in the crowd so I walked into the area where many types of hair care products are sold .
I am going to move to Minneapolis next week because of my transfer .
but you are really nice for what you have done .
the most elements to building the modern world are chinese in origin .
it encourages me .
I 'm going to go to my hometown in a few hours to meet my family .
I live in Osaka , Japan and I am student .
now I am studying in Shanghai , which is located between the Zhejiang and Jiangsu provinces , and major in medical oncology .
can you imagine how serious the battles were ?
I was late by 2 hours and during the day I practised drawing .
the girls are always talking about love stories these days because it 's near valentine 's Day .
I still do n't understand it very well .
I knew he had desired my girlfriend for many years .
I enjoy travelling thus I have left my footprints on european and asian continents . I have been to Swizerland , Finland , Austria , Germany , Italy , France and some asian countries like Indonesia , Vietnam , Cambodia , Malaysia , Singapore and so on .
the drama is so funny and interesting because actors and actress are talking with using different kinds of ways of expressing their feelings in order to make us laugh .
japanese government has to discuss the problem of declining birth rates very quickly .
today , I went snowboarding with my friends .
however , it is a very stylish restaurant , it was not a nondescript potsticker restaurant at all .
to hide my shyness , I say , with a hint of half-confidence , that I always look young as I have short hair .
of progress into the student 's learning process
my name is Ahmed Gaber , I 'm from Egypt . I want to learn English and hope to help anyone wanting to , to learn arabic .
in 1778 the continental congress sent a letter , the Olive branch petition , which asked for a peaceful solution to King George iii because some delegates were loyalists .
many people came to the dinner party to congratulate their marriage .
the rain of this season helps to grow garden plants and grass as well .
recently , due to developments in transportation systems and cheaper travel cost , the tourist industry has been expanding around the world over the last few decades .
I was bored .
it was a very interesting story ,
if you want to try miso-soup , " instant miso-soup " is available .
today , I am going to Reizen park .
I have a lot of favourite foods : 3 i love sushi from Japan , bubur jagung from Indonesia , and I really love potatoes .
I have decided to study hard tomorrow again .
after all , the grass is always greener on the other side of the fence .
so I would always blow on them before eating .
but I was surprised at how much it costs .
in Kyoto , there are many shinto shrines and temples , and you can also experience traditional culture at first hand , so you may enjoy things that other countries do n't have .
as I am not a local student and my hometown is far away from here , sometimes I feel homesick .
even though I born on today 's date , I have to appreciate growing up .
thirdly , we can know what is important for society .
we talked too much on the internet , so in early September he decided to travel to da Nang to see me .
when I move my focus on to my working desk , there 's more chaos .
It`s me again , Diana .
you should try to eat it .
I do n't know what the chinese people are doing .
on this day , little children get together to cook rice and eggs .
because my parents divorced , I moved into an apartment with my mother and older sister .
but the internet is a place to learn , to discuss questions on the specific area .
I classify tweets to providers of information and conversations .
but I 'm in school and studying now . . . . .
this was one of the biggest culture shocks I 've ever experienced in a foreign country .
this problem has sparked a heated debate .
my hobbies include manga , anime , watching movies and listening to music .
so we would n't be able to participate in the match .
nowadays , having a mobile phone is a sort of necessity .
I met them for the first time today .
one of the messages was from the honey-eyed boy with the six pack .
I have been tied up with working , studying for my final exam and hanging out with friends .
I still appreciate your comment , though .
I do n't like LCDs .
recently more and more people are begging to help save their environment .
I signed the key out from a security guard .
because this unreasonable thing comes from the government and only the government can change it .
thinking about the future makes me both happy and worried .
something happened , then we know which cause it is .
also , I 'm going to write a fancy japanese greeting card .
- Japan 's land area is much smaller than that of America .
I heard a sincere student say that he hoped asian countries would make a union like EU . another student said that the best way for peace is for all countries in the world to join one union .
at the moment when she kissed the frog it became a beautiful prince .
I would love to exchange languages with people from all over the world , also I like movies that come from other countries .
is there a more proper way to say that ?
I chose blueberry because it reminded me of my grandfather who has preferred it for a long time .
while the joy comes from Shakespeare 's plays , it is more like a cup of tea , which needs to be tasted slowly and patiently to feel its charm as time passes by .
I 've been longing to get out of the countryside and go to the city for a bit after the fair . . .
I 'm new here .
the most impressive scene I felt was the scene of them saluting each other .
when you know to live without you worrying about what they think of your clothes , the colour of your hair , your family , friends . . .
which is the most common ?
I live in Taiwan , studying art , so I must improve my English .
but we want to watch movies anytime with any friends or family for a good price .
I am always afraid of communicating with foreigners in their native language . even though I am studying japanese , I still ca n't bring myself to talk to japanese people , and I am also afraid of studying abroad in Japan for one year .
you may also pay notice to yu Todoroki , who is an male-playing acotr on stage and a commissioner in Takarazuka revue company .
SMAP is a very popular idol group in Japan .
I want to improve my English skills so I will study hard .
I started as a part-timer but as I 've grown familiar with the restaurant I 'm now working there full-time .
people who had hoped for this were greatly delighted by this news .
Old woman smiled , I was not still answered .
I did n't check it well and chose the English one .
I do n't believe in astrology , horoscope , prognosticators or fortune-tellers .
getting back " Castle in the sky " , when it was on tv , a funny event happened in Japan .
the material of the sea bed near Bangkok .
- those who deny the existence of a problem instead of trying to solve it are unhappy as well .
but there is no one to take care of her .
when we finish the exam and the papers corrected entirely , our teachers would publish the report cards to the whole class .
during the rest of my vacation , I want to be more dilligent and spend my time doing something meaningful .
today , there was a pretty big earthquake in our country : Japan .
I thought about it , then decided to talk about it with a partner . we decided to tell the students that 5 questions were wrong , but our chief told us that we could n't .
what japanese people take care to do when we use kanji is , of course , not to make a mistake .
so I am very tired .
I think this is because the greenhouse effect is spreading all around the world .
I thought it was interesting that the film also contains the element of caper story and some comical scenes , both of which are a bit out of place .
it 's kind of a hassle to fasten all the buttons on my shirt .
it made me feel bad this morning .
some of them have scenarios in which you have to choose an answer or something and the story will change depending on your choice .
I 'm student in a business school .
what 's the difference between " renewable energy " and " sustainable energy " ?
in this film , she is a robot sent from the future to prevent Skynet - a machine that has intelligence like a human .
I like my teachers and classmates , they are friendly and interested~
time flew because we had a good time .
in our fast-paced lives , we want to be perfect , and even more importantly , to look perfect .
hi , I 'm Edwin and I live in Dallas , Tx .
today is the last day at school .
once there , I checked out the stuff on sale : computers , iPods and other technological devices .
have heavy twitter users developed their writing skill ?
I do n't know whether I can do that , but I will never give up .
they took me to the sea and went shopping with me
one of my list to do is to learn how to speak English .
I started painting the dirty walls in a clear white color with a paint brush .
but it really made me feel free and happy .
however , I realized that it was meaningless for me to think about it .
she wants to become a happy student
we make it a habit to get together and go cycling on holidays .
epidemiology is a branch of medical science dealing with the transmission and control of disease .
her classmate asked her what her grade was .
I encourage you to listen to this enigmatic and fabulous rhythm .
unlike Shanghai where high-rise buildings are the main source of sightseeing , Nanjing was once the capital of 6 dynasties in China 's history , so it is a city full of historical sites .
every morning I went to DC garden for my morning walk .
Haneda airport is super crowded at the end of every year .
as I expected , English is difficult .
according to the weather forecast ,
after saying goodbye to them , I did searched for their church on the internet .
I knew they were close , but not that close .
in addition to providing food and raw materials , agriculture also provides employment opportunities to a very large percentage of population .
welcome party at our office
then , when he was alone in the room he grabbed one and ate it .
in real life , meeting with native English speakers is nearly impossible in South Korea .
besides these , I was able to join the choir worship in October that was held to commemorate the 500th anniversary of Luther 's reformation .
Joao took good care of Dindim and cleaned the fossil oil carefully for a week .
it is difficult for me to write a diary , but I 'll try .
arriving in a city where you do n't know the language , culture or the different way of life .
I hope that I will pass so I will be happy .
I 've not travel in the country yet because I was in training for my future position in finance--accountability .
in conclusion , if I get upset with someone who I care I will feel bad because I do n't like to feel like that , and I will want to figure it out as soon as possible .
because my level of English is very . . . . . . . . . . . .
my manager is the same , but all of the people who are above my manager have been replaced .
hi everyone , my name is Simone . I 'm italian and this is my first entry in English .
this second technique is very useful for 3D designs .
the rooms have been almost sold out and it 's only three months before my scheduled date .
but when you eat three times a day , there is no time for your stomach to rest .
he thinks only about the next move , about the present .
recently , the temperature is rising and it is becoming more comfortable for me .
if you never heard of it before , I hope you liked this post or found it interesting , at least .
why should I do it ?
without their music , such movies as " requiem to the dream " or " Amores Peros " would n't be so spectacular , would n't influence you very much or make you admire them .
here is the website on Kickstarter I mentioned above .
if you are a driver , tell me any tips , please .
I am really satisfied with the life in China .
I 'm going to go to an English language school in London starting this winter .
that is why I had to work up early .
there is an opinion that they should start it from elementary school .
I 'm looking forward to getting to know someone who can check my sentences .
I 'm so sad about it .
in fact , I like walking in the rain .
it is a village surrounded by a wall from the 13th century , and it is like travelling to the past , although you know you still are in the 21st century .
she just likes making bracelets and putting the pictures of the bracelets she makes on her blog to
and snow fell yesterday .
the japanese sentence is difficult despite of a native language . . .
- I suppose punctuality is very important if I 'm in business .
I received the impression that this is a very negative word .
Koccukuri-san is the ghost of a fox .
two days ago , I took part in a piano recital from 5:00 p.m. before playing the piano in front of a big audience , I felt nervous .
it was so calm ; it was a good holiday .
when I eat ice cream my teeth do n't hurt and i feel so good hahaha .
I applied for work at a private school today .
nowadays , there has been debate over whether women should join the army like men .
this year , I want to maintain serenity all the time during working and private time .
Furtehrmore , mistakes they make are also different .
though I want to begin , the English academy is what makes me intimidated .
we tried a lot of practice activities to help them , but it was very difficult to make the pronuncation perfect .
many japanese people , especially youngsters , tend to use slang on a daily basis , and it means they do n't think in complete sentences . so when they try to speak English , they tend to translate their slang into English , but it 's hard to do so .
last week , I finished studying for my entrance exam .
I once took a lot of time to learn English when I was in middle school although I hated it .
I wondered how people could let go of their past , since it was an experience , the same as if you had been burnt by fire and then never wanting to stand close to a fire .
we have no entry in campus .
I am becoming addicted to writing diary entries and receiving corrections .
we are different people and we see things differently , so we do n't understand each other .
today , i am so nervous , because my girlfriend is going to visit me in a few minutes .
yesterday , I went to a university for an English test .
I wanted to watch some old japanese tv dramas , so I went to a DVD rental shop near my house .
I checked the history of my account from last half year and what did I find ?
in the books , " going to " appears many times .
I want to work overseas someday .
their marriage is a very pleasant event for me .
and tried to pass the toll-gate ,
we can meet native indians , who still live in groups , and they hunt animals .
people all over Japan go to Shizuoka because they want to see this scenery .
I was n't feeling well two days before that day .
thought that it was punishment from the mermaid .
I 'm Tomoya , and I live in Tokyo .
it is only seven days long , shorter than when I was a student but I think that is not important .
I am always looking for new activities to do , such as workshops , extracurricular activities , or places to go .
I 'd like to talk about different cultures with you .
I am a student at Dnipropetrovsk conservatory , Glinky .
I have studied English since I was little , but I 've got to say that it was just a chore , something that I had to do because of school .
today , I went to the sea with my friends by my friend 's car .
last year in December , King crimson came to Japan .
I watched pro-wrestling live at a park close to my apartment last night .
but today was a very good day .
so my colleagues , of course including me , all have no mood to work anymore .
I get tired when the day is coming to its end , and I fall asleep as soon as I get to bed .
they have said already several times that people who are playing shooting games are people that could potentially run amok .
I was working all day today , so I 'm little tired .
the world is getting more and more borderless with the explosive prevalence of the internet , and those who are good at English certainly have an advantage .
another reason I like it so much is that I can feel the atmosphere of nature even in the city I live in .
I 'll go to the bed soon ! loud
whatever it is , you can do anything now .
I almost always go to my fitness club during my lunch break .
this town is remarkable because many of its inhabitants still speak catalan .
the tourism also appears developed in these countries and is a major focus of the local economy .
otherwise , we will lose more and more beautiful places , and as a result , we will leave nothing but a wasteland to our descendants .
I said " yes , that would be very cute !
because of the fine dust I could n't open any windows .
whatever , I 'm very glad to know you guys .
I do n't know what I can do though .
however I ate every piece of salmon sushi and sashimi with suju , which is a korean alcohol .
he slept at his girlfriend 's house that night and the next morning bought a plane ticket and flew to Paris .
let 's begin with writing a recipe .
from them , Ruby finds a clue on how to find East River .
nevertheless , they cannot achieve their potential goals when they do n't have enough mentors or advisers .
most people like this so much .
elementary school students in Osaka visit Hiroshima on school trips to learn peace .
this year , I will work hard on those two languages , and I want to break through the beginner level .
I was shocked that the doctor said to me , " you ca n't heal the spot by yourself .
I like travelling by car , taking pictures of landscapes and people , playing guitar and balalaika . I like to take road trips , taking landscape pictures , people , playing guitar , and balalaika .
I 'm going to go to bed soon even though it 's around 6:30pm .
I am also attracted to learning languages as tools to communicate .
I was sick with fever all day .
I love to paint and I also love singing very much .
I ca n't live without books , the internet , and practically making myself feel like crap at least once a day .
I worked for a moving company 6 years ago .
the next day we first went to iron Bridge , which is a world heritage site .
I have hit a slump now .
my long-term goal is to get a job that I love .
I had just needed of a bit of understanding , something that could warm up my sad heart .
that means national liberation Day of Korea .
my chinese friend recommended this food to me .
they make the peoples ' lives and work become more convenient .
so learning japanese is a burden to me .
I 'm looking forward to a school marathon race that my daughter is taking part in .
however , your volley was not good .
but first , i must try my best to have a good grade , and to become a studen of medical university or NUS ^^
they can be tamed a little , but they do n't remember their owner 's personality .
yesterday , I wrote a short paper about a local hero during my English class .
so it takes a long time to write an English composition .
last month , I went to the " cup Noodle museum " in Japan with my friend .
I will not meet her alone .
and why do you think so ?
I was very shocked .
you have the right to decide who you would like to teach , but just do n't waste their time to wait .
it is this site that I have found for such a case .
I thought I had to cook lunch , but I did n't have enough time to cook one .
do you want to play the word chain game once more ?
hundreds of people had gathered on the docks to catch a glimpse of the titanic beauty .
I can speak English a little bit .
shall it be sufficient ?
it is important to realize that these thoughts wo n't give any results , they sense and you need to refuse them and relax .
I 'm a student in Kyoto , Japan .
provide : this company will supply food and equipment to the explorers ,
tonight we went to the cinema , but the film was not interesting .
on the other hand , I 've not done anything like the above .
though I did n't know much about ho Chi Minh before coming Vietnam , I think he is a great person who contributed to the Vietnam independence .
I am very tired much from in the morning .
they can find other pupils with the same hobbies and search for information they need online .
I have been being a house-wife for 2 years .
in many cases , christmas day seems to be an excuse for parents to buy a present for their children , or the chance to make a temporal lover for young people .
looking for your English skills ? " yeah , she so funny .
if I was given something , I can say " sumimasen " as " thank you " .
my uncle told me that it was GASANI .
many people do n't have umbrellas in foreign countries , do you know why ?
I could understand what she said ,
I hope it will come true .
I have been learning English for a few months and i have no idea about some things .
HNY - the first sunrise at the ferry building really moved me and even made me almost cry .
however , I have found the way to use it in Japan .
someone may say that women 's value is evaluated only by their beauty , but I do n't think that is true .
I can also take care of them because I used to take care of some children so I have experience of taking care of a baby .
many people recommend popular things , such as counting sheep , or listening to light music .
the giraffe runs like the wind , has a strong body and is a little vain .
it 's nice to forget about your daily work and play with friends occasionally .
his wife is cute and a good person - I opened up to her quickly .
I often eat sushi !
the umesh was nice .
you can sing a song t using it or you can sing a song with your friends even if you are not together .
there are many new fiction posts that are written by website members every day .
this exactly expresses the japanese character , being humble .
the largest and most majestic instrument was the organ .
I still remember the time when my parents gave me some books for my birthday and christmas presents .
okay , that 's all I want to talk about with you all .
in Korea , the elderly usually have a dog for their pet , not a cat .
she never goes out because she is a slow and very elegant creature .
I hope that taking part in the exhibition will make my job go well .
I thought the test would be difficult for me because the past exam was so hard for me especially in mathematics and japanese .
do you have any trick or advice to help learn their uses ?
" I would rather send a card to say a new year 's greeting than send an e-mail although it 's a very analog way of sending a greeting . "
I really need to be a regular employee because I want to work under an attractive benefit package .
but my friend gave me brought sweet potatoes and other vegetables .
it is really hard for me to do a presentation in a foreign language .
in a few minutes , I had to leave home to go to work so I saw Natalie out and thanked her for visiting me .
hoping to reduce the public debt by depressing consumption is like trying to reduce your debts by working less .
I 'm wondering if I should take TOEIC .
I felt sympathy as they have japanese names , because the director of this movie loves Japan .
my Skype is : Harrinson .
also , I would like to know , what is the course price ?
I will write a diary everyday as soon as possible .
this is me
oh , it 's the beginning of my day
the children are playing in a rainy day
he is a guitarist .
well , I also will write something about everyday mundane things .
so , I came to Starbucks and searched for an English study site .
last time , it was at mid of September when we , five people , travelled to Vhutan .
the winter season was ended in Hokkaido , but it 's cold in the morning . the winter season finally ended in Hokkaido , but it 's cold in the morning .
on the other hand , to my surprise , it was democracy that caused the holocaust .
I really want to work in the sports industry when I graduate from university , but I have to think of what I want to do there .
A very handsome japanese actor said in a tv show " I do n't know any pickup lines because girls hit on me everytime . "
I do n't want to use what I 've learned .
I Skyped with my australian friend for a while .
I want a car because I think in America , except in big cities , if I do n't have a car , I wo n't go out downtown .
would not you rather face it ?
however , she likes something salty , so I was looking for something good for her .
I am a student from the mysterious country between Russia and Poland : the republic of Belarus .
but I think we can be happy with our money if we spend it in the right way .
as a politician , he had been demoted several times because of political struggles .
actually whenever I thought to visit this site , I thought do n't to waste the time on internet instead of studying for the bank exam .
today I am gonna ask a question .
why did I jump rope ?
visible : it was very visible that my friend was very sad .
that results in enormous city waste .
for the narrator 's perspective , all of the Indian people in her story are brave and
generally on the subject we learned basic and advanced techniques on how to use OOP and different language object-oriented programming , including : Java and C++ .
in Japan , we make iced coffee in one particular way .
the japanese tend to bow many times , but I do n't like this tendency so much .
this class tries to tell students what is right , what is wrong .
I already wrote an entry on this topic , which has not received a correction yet .
encourage me and I really appreciate these sentences .
A lot of thoughts pass through my mind . through the day , I do n't have trouble with this . I feel like my brain waits until I go to sleep to let all these thoughts out , and then , they visit me .
potato must do so as well , but he knew how to transform himself back into a potato again .
when she smiles , her eyes look like Crescent moons , which makes me happy^^
fruits and vegetables are tastier and healthier than a burger .
first I wanted to try it when I saw some blogs about eating cobras .
I often have a lot of stress because of complaints from our customers , troubles between some departments in the office , troubles between coworkers , and so on .
I am worried about the Project A .
I 'm a student at Ritsumeikan university in Japan .
it was good and security was good too .
Kyoto has some foriegners who comes to sightsee in Kyoto city .
until early this morning , weather forecasters said that it would rain today , so I could n't decide whether to wash and dry my clothes in my house or outside .
particularly , I was looking for a story about restarting life by moving to a new country ,
because I 'm playing the game every time , I can get a dragon ball .
there are much more space in a house .
fortunately , I did n't feel any pain and the fragment I lost was pretty small , but it is kind of scary to have a broken tooth .
I especially like toy story .
I like studying eEnglish very much . I admire somebody who can speak English fluently .
but he said that because asian countries are more like a collective society , people used to live together and help each other .
the grammar is hateful . . .
if I had wireless earphones , I could enjoy listening to music via an ipod while I fix my family 's meal .
hello my name is Sukentyas , and you can call me by my nickname which is IKEN .
it is chilling that some kind-hearted souls are derided by people for their kindness .
I want to improve my knowledge of English .
in the future , I want to stay in a big city , and raise my children with a good education .
I want to go on a trip !
graph A indicates the price of property of six cities and Tokyo .
so , how do I communicate with other people who do not speak a common language ?
I hope it will be better than I expected .
I will talk about this in another post .
she meets a bounty hunter , Fallis , and their souls are swapped .
I will do everything you want .
A good relationship between a teacher and a student in the classroomorA good teacher and student relationship in the classroom
at the time , the bomb was made of Nitroglycerin .
I have n't been able to take my eyes off this news for a while .
I have to practice more !
I cannot say the details of my job due to the company 's rules .
it helps employees to be aware of their strengths and weakness as well as to measure their performance so that it become more effective .
is the phrase " yellow peril " discriminatory ?
I 'd love to talk to new people and help them . I need to be fluent in English .
I 'm planning to study there and get a master 's degree for the next two years .
I ca n't say that I do n't like Naoko , however I ca n't understand her or i do n't want to .
and I decided " I am definitely going to see the fireworks with my partner next year ! "
first of all , how could a life without sleep be possible ?
it 's the lines spoken by the characters that attract readers to manga .
for me , it 's really hard to write .
I 'd like to introduce " Bengoshi no Kuzu " which is a japanese manga .
so I 'll do my best to practice the song .
capitalist society has taken over my life .
I feel nervous .
I love Starbucks .
I prefer to make cards for people who are very close and significant to me , rather than to buy them , because cards from shops seem too dull and impersonal to me .
they will be happy with it and I am happy , too .
if I enter university , I have to just think about how to study and do my best to study .
the next day , I had an appointment with a friend , so I went to Takaida station .
moreover , learning is very fun for me because I can improve my communication skills . moreover , I find learning very fun because I can improve my communication skills .
" the success is not measured by the money you earn , but by the children not being in poverty , entrepreneurs achieving success , college students not dropping out , and everyone able to support their family . " she said .
I went to the christmas market with my friends yesterday .
I no longer think that " tea spot " is a nice expression .
I am from Russia , the city of Vladivostok .
I am deficient in common sense , especially history and geography .
for example , I need a lot program tools that spend a lot performance to help me to program .
I want my customer to love the U .
I live in Gansu province , and I am crazy at Hot-Pot .
I 'm felt a little lost recently , because I do n't know who I am , I do n't know what to do , and what I can do .
I like movies , music - all kinds of music including classical music - as you like .
in this story , he brings a dog , monkey , and pheasant , as servants .
in 2005 I became a petrol station manager .
after all , ' ' Rome was not built in a day , ' ' was it ?
for this reason , the regime of Mohammed Morsi was anti-democratic .
yesterday , a customer I know well said to me , " do you know whose car is parked in the yard ?
- she accuses you of what she did .
sometime I need to go outside of my small interest .
it is lighter , thinner and faster than the old iPad .
they are usually sent to aquariums .
if I made any mistake , please correct them .
I always try to be careful with my words and actions , when I communicate or play with little children , because I want them to have a positive impact on their world view even though they seem to be too young to understand this .
she often helps me with things , for example homework , housework , . . . .
if you focus on positive thoughts that you want to have rather than negative thoughts that you do n't want , then the power is bigger .
I did n't like these detective stories until I read the story named the Boscombe Valley mystery , that means it took me more than 3 months to find out the book Sherlock Holmes is so amazing and fantastic .
negative aspects are the environmental pollution and animal cruelty .
from that day on , I cleant up my balcony only on rainy days .
when I learnt it in school , I did not do any listening or writing . if I had to do grammar exercise , I would do it unwillingly , and I never paid attention
what should I do so that I will be able to speak in English ?
my mother is intelligent and very hard working ; she is creative and responsible .
so , there did not originally exist in English .
I am from Moldova , and if you want to learn romanian or Rusian contact me , I will be glad to help you .
hi , my name is Quentin , 23 years old , I like reading , listening to music and running .
my senior taught me how to greet .
however , I do n't have to worry about it , because I can get spare parts everywhere .
we were waiting on the bus to go to the airport .
the second meaning is to show an object to someone .
in Japan there are too many cicadas during the summer time .
I am a student in college now .
before , my computer had remained on the desk table of my room until I moved to the city of Pereira . , and after , to the city of Medellin where I live at present and I always put it on the table where I study .
besides , he gave me some advice .
and I was asked to do the procedure at Nagoya city office .
keep in mind to hurry up , this has been a very long shift and tonight I 'm having dinner with a very pretty girl and if you make me late to the appointment I might kill you , even though you 're one of my best friends ! "
there is no problem Monday to Wednesday .
so as to understand and analyze the luxury market marketing concept in China and Italy , I would like to use the 4P components of the marketing mix , which is ' product , Place , Price and promotion . '
who can tell me about how to remember new words in English ?
however , what the government is trying to do is add more contents of textbooks , making exams harder hence forcing children to study harder .
this is his first job .
besides , how many americans are we talking about ?
it was a tough pose for me .
in this game , I saw some athletes were knocked down by only one punch in their jaw .
you can do cosplay by being a character you love and show each other . you can cosplay a character that you love and show off your costume .
I think that 's why her performances are so popular all over the world .
I think it will be very fun
I want to watch the movie Godzilla , but I ca n't get a good seat .
you can also make friends with other students .
I was welcomed by ex-colleagues , with whom I had worked five years ago at Narita Chiba pref .
I would love to make friends from the three countries .
" no , in my case it is not so simple , " - she said to me .
they have been stealing public money for decades and nobody was afraid of what this might lead to because all of us had enough money to live in peace and enjoy our lives .
I 'm worried that they will be too difficult for me and I will not be able to handle them .
I think that by writing three or four topics every day , my grammar will be good as soon as possible .
and I want to talk with them in a friendly manner .
we said to each other , " it 's been ages ! " .
so , I really want to learn English , because it is necessary for my future .
we can watch the meteor shower tonight .
the years have passed and I 'm already twenty-five years old now .
it was so nice . orIt was very nice .
Am I an economist ?
this episode is really funny for me as a japanese person .
I want to go travelling around the world . . .
for example , yesterday I made a quote for a client from America . it was my first time to make a quote .
it was no better than the previous English class .
it 's not good for sentences to be too long or too short .
we played a bingo game and asked many question to the teacher using English .
what kind of ordinary japanese dishes do you like ?
however , in order to improve my ability to write in English , I 'd like to write about a book I read recently .
I read in a newspaper that yellow sand dust came in Japan .
after the WHO reported that processed meats such as bacon , sausages and ham cause cancer , sales of sausages are down about 20% in a japanese food company .
Seoul is the biggest city in the korean peninsula , but it ca n't show everything that a foreigner needs to have a solid grasp of Korea .
they were everywhere ; bedroom , kitchen , garden . .
she is 67 years old , and works at a church .
whatever , to eat too much of anything is not good for the body .
these books are easy to read , and very interesting .
then , I was really surprised about the sea urchin because its taste was really good and was completely different from what I ate before .
in future I want to visit the USA , England and Australia .
my wife will depart from Tokyo by herself .
there are some pachinko parlors in the neighborhood .
I could designate our own seats .
we went to an uninhabited island by a small boat and enjoyed snorkeling .
I believe that this situation will continue for more a decade .
do you know a miracle method that can improve my level ?
I went to ' Williams ' today , which is a coffee place that had a
I felt bad , so I punished her .
my student is in his third year of high school , which means that this November he is scheduled to take CSAT .
it was an enormous success .
after lunch and about two hours ' rest , I was asked by one of my friends to help him with his English .
some of them , especially children , do n't follow the rules .
I just returned from my holidays with my family to Athens , Greece .
I like to draw and play computer games .
today is the presidential election in Korea .
there are a lot of things to see there , like in any other city in the world .
first , I always greet colleagues in the morning , but I 'm the only person he does n't return greetings to .
finally , dTV has more movies than the other services , and sometimes they also offer a service for a limited time , such as the " all star wars " franchise .
she plans to migrate to another county to study music more .
after the big quake , many kinds of food disappeared even in Tokyo , but these days the situation is getting better .
- why is it a dangerous sport ?
now she is a beautiful woman .
she was having dinner . after she finished dinner , she was about to stand up to pay the money , but she could n't stand up by herself because she is old . she is 83 years old .
everyone played the song til the end .
what kind of mistake did I make in the last year ?
he cut a painting from its frame with his knife at midnight in an art gallery .
I want to express my sincerest gratitude to her .
I will eat out with my family and take a delicious meal .
this week , I got a proposal for next year from my company .
I can imagine that under pressure , I can not answer in the same way I do at school !
we also went to Vietnam war museum to learn more about the war .
I will go to Chile on November 1st .
in fact , I am a French teacher but English is more important than French to me .
my favourite holiday is New year 's day , it 's called Osyo-gatu in Japan .
but I do n't think I want to go to a place where there are a lot of English learners .
if it 's all ok , I will make IPA .
however , I have to find another job .
although we practice hard , we cannot beat them .
at that time , she told us about a story which he had experienced in his dream and told her .
anyway , all I have to do is take the test again and again for myself .
it makes me feel really crazy when I watch that kind of news .
this song 's name is ' rising hope ' by ' Lisa ' .
I do n't like prepositions !
I read the Harry Potter series 4 years ago .
when I got home , I fell asleep immediately and slept for 4 hours .
I had a headache , a stomach ache and a problem with speaking .
my arms are weak , my backbones are in pain , and my mind is like an ugly jellyfish . orMy arms are weak , backbones in pain , and mind like an ugly jellyfish .
and I did it today .
the full score of each item is 495.
when you write Omedetai , do n't forget the " i " at the end .
I will help everybody .
it would be so convenient to divide a hard task into small easy pieces and then solve them one by one .
I was reading a book called " Tao te choosing " .
I had such a great host family and two nice kitties and a dog .
I also read " Little Prince . "
because I will try to take a very difficult test .
he continued to ponder the reason , forgetting who called him to this question in the first place .
he asked him to hire her .
my hobby is doing triathlons .
thus , it causes a crazy situation during the hours when they commute by train .
Hii , my name is Ecem .
so I will choose some good books to improve my English .
I was interested in the difference between the two .
yesterday I went to Ikea , and I bought a sofa . I was fine with the delivery fee , but I did n't realize I had to pay for the transport from the dock to the transport point as well .
I went to my co- worker 's farewell party yesterday .
I love cats and dogs , reading books in native and foreign languages , riding my bike , watching tv shows , swimming and other activities .
because my BMI is 23.4 and I do n't have enough strength "
today , temperature here is 30 degrees or more .
because is good to give a hug to the person that you love .
in conclusion , money is really important and very essential since we need money to buy everything , for examp food , a flat , clothes and other daily needs .
then we participated in a house meeting as soon as we came back to dorm .
he puts his head down to the floor and starts to drag the toe of his right shoe on the floor , slowly and meaninglessly .
for your information , I have also been studying spanish since the beginning of the year
all the villagers attending at the feast felt an uneasy premonition .
and who will you be thinking of . . . ?
it 's name Diu Diu .
in my opinion , the most dangerous natural disaster is flooding .
in the future , I want to open a shop which sells cute goods .
I am from Iran , I am a web developer , I like reading books , playing football and travelling .
I would like to work at a company that gives me opportunities to work on interesting projects , develop my skills using cutting-edge technology and be a part of a team where members of its exchange knowledge and skills with each other .
I met a girl who 's from Hong Kong and I talked to her for a few minutes this morning .
I have been hesitating whether I should quit or not so far .
it is very rare in Japan for mass killings to take place , and thus this incident may sow fears about neighboring people living around the crime scene .
my mind does n't work very well because I feel exhausted .
first of all , constructing the bridge will enable the residents to go to the mainland much more rapidly .
A place with a grave is a temple , and a place with a Shinto shrine gate is a shrine .
I wantto study English and chinese .
Martha was promised to be given a special present that would help her to not feel so lonely during her insomnia .
I would like to say that my coworkers were awesome .
and if you use it after the verb , it becomes an adjective with the meaning of " ziite " .
the story is about " Horikoshi Zirou " and it 's very interesting .
it was difficult to get out of bed this morning .
Third , I have learned that French is a popular language and is used as a official language in many international organizations : the United nations . . .
when we sit next to each other , he always holds me in his ar Ms.
there is a beautiful song in the movie called space odyssey known as Major Tom by David Bowie .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
that means that there are only eleven days remaining !
whenever I travel back I have hot pot , it 's the flavor of my hometown .
it has always been my dream to be a part of such a significant event as I believe I would get the best training to build the foundation for soccer in my home country , Japan .
my name is Yoyo , and I am from China .
my hobbies are reading books , watching tv and listening to the music .
though the movie is not perfect , it is good enough .
she spent almost 3 months in Rome , after that she decided to have a period in India in a Ashram where she meditated and had yoga class .
I am waiting for a train to arrive at a station .
because my reading speed was very slow , there was not enough time to solve .
it is a specialty of Kamakura and is very delicious !
there is one curiosity : the title was mentioned during the film when the protagonist asked a middle-age man to sit on a step of a house ' ' what are you eating ? ' .
this place is the best in my city .
I was in charge of the L2 testing room .
but the roller coasters were very thrilling and I was excited a lot .
because it is my job which i like .
this morning , I woke up very early .
please check this passage for articles and grammar . thank you ! Part1
" do n't call me hey , I 'm not hey . . " B shouted back .
if I can understand English easily , I can learn these skills from books and the internet .
however , one day I realised that my iPhone was telling me that my storage was running out every time I finished the lesson .
I started to watch the movie " Good Will hunting " , but I could n't understand what the characters were saying because they spoke too fast .
I ca n't use present perfect , present perfect continuous and past perfect well .
everyone knows money is not perfect because love can not be bought by money .
some songs are sung in a duet with Louis Armstrong and this is a great thing !
it was getting dark , so I felt a little scared .
it is our duty to protect the water courses throughout the world , even if it seems like everything is lost .
I feel very vexed .
it has been proved that such amount of water we can get from food , fruits , vegetables , and force yourself to drink clean water .
I like to play baseball as much as to learn English .
and now , I will be shaking with fear
today I travelled to a city near the Ocean with my friend .
actually there is not certain reason that I think so .
it 's difficult for me to listen to English , but I will continue to study English .
no matter how hard I tried to remove the snow , I could not get out from my apartment .
it sounds sad .
I had a biology class in the second period .
so I will have to go my office by train .
therefore , technology can help students learn more easily and quickly .
I am going to post in my diary every day .
lately , there has been a big difference in temperature between night and day .
she liked azalea very much , because when she was eating leaves , she gnawed on the stems .
how did you succeed in doing that ?
but recently , I have many worries about my future , and then I think I need somebody who I can share these kinds of feelings with .
today I want to tell you about my trip to the garden , where my grandmother lives .
A bird flaps its wings before flying .
I think I will go back to Beijing sometimes .
I 'm not a thief .
that is why I started to learn English again .
my name is Ivan or in English , John .
I thought that the match would be finished by the time I got there .
today I learned how to describe present , past , and future actions .
I usually go to the gym and practice body combat and many different sports .
lately I started to run robotic courses for children .
I was hoping she will be calm .
surprisingly , it 's possible via seemingly irrelevant things to the planes ' fundamentals that are the Wi-Fi system for passengers and the entertainment system .
when I go back home , I 'll quickly go to bed so I can play baseball well .
today , I am inviting you to go on a trip with me .
I can work on your project 10 hours per week .
people can chat with me on various topics .
I am a student from China , born in Shantou , a beautiful city near Pacific Ocean .
it 's 2 hours long , but I did n't find it boring .
first , I want to speak fluently with american people to share experiences with them or with someone specific . secondly , my country has many call centers that deal with callers in the US but when I went to find a job , they told me that i need to practice my English listening skills and comprehension as well as improve my accent .
then I fell asleep while sitting in a chair .
they do not worry about their children on their way to school , marks , or their friends .
Strong solar flares have taken place several times this month in the sun .
by the way , latin is U=V , but I do not know whether or not that is true .
today , I went to Daejeon to hang out with my friends .
I could see it was very beautiful .
Japan is a large country .
I have n't had enough time to write my entry lately , so I have to cut down on the time I do other things so that I can write it .
I want to know other countries ' ways of teaching it .
it is like a nightmare for me .
as has happened to me on other occasions , if I had read the novel before seeing the movie I might have been pretty critical of the film .
my name is Anwar and I am currently living in Indonesia . I would be happy to be your language exchange partner .
I hope lang-8 will help me improve my English .
I 've got to do something , and change my mind .
the whole research , the formulation , and realization are based on natural , Ayurvedic and chinese medicine , which is recognized as the mother of oriental philosophy ; without ignoring the principles , the experience , and the writing of herbalists , pharmacists , and doctors , as well as benedictine monks , franciscan , and coptic christians .
recently i have seen a movie called " the secret " and i believe in this idea .
I 'm planning to be a physician and work in a pharmaceutical company , so I 'm studying English to improve my international communication skill .
could you correct my sentences in a formal style ?
the best part is , no matter how much time I spend on the computer , my mind keeps telling me " Anna , you will improve your English by keeping doing this ! " this thinking sets me free from the guilt of surfing the net for a lot of time .
I know my English is not very good .
singing is a good way for me to eliminate stress .
in the past decade , the world intensely face the factor , primarily religions between islam and others .
comfortably in my garden .
if someone can help me , please text me .
another option is to study for a masters there in London if I can not find a job here .
the grave is in Shiga .
I love English very much .
I like the last stop on the train line .
for me the forest was the start of another world .
the president administers the country .
A lot of people believe that the final grade of a course should be based on a single test at the end of the semester , citing the reason that more assignments can make students have a lot of homework .
when I went to a trip a few weeks ago , I could n't sleep well .
I love chatting , travelling the world and watching Chicago fire , Chicago med , and all movies about rescue and firefighting .
but recently , I also feel like I want to study English during my drive .
I 'm learning about English grammar , listening , and making myself understood .
but the fact is that we are not even close when we are admitted to a college .
I 'm going to write a really important and serious essay today .
their job was to teach English and to help these young children learn about american culture .
he once had to draw paintings , to meet the needs of some buyers , which did not have much artistic value .
Tapas are made of typical food from each region of Spain .
the writer says that many failures are necessary to make something creative .
I 've failed three times !
I 'll kiss you when I see the rainbow
I really want to control my sleep .
my name is Chiaki .
I hope we 'll be able to speech like Obama .
now that I have completed my masters thesis I plan to write a diary about my trip to Okinawa .
however , my body is inflexible . . . .
this is the last week in the month of ramadan .
he left alone to his grandparents for about a month .
I did not have a good impression of them because I have never seen good news about them in japanese media .
this week was so long and I saw a lot of new things that really broaded my horizon .
the vowels always change , they do n't always have the same sound .
also , there were whitecaps on the water .
actually I started sorting out the annoying tax return thing and I am just wondering ,
russian is my native language .
I wantto join the festival next year .
I recommend you to see it if you like bouldering .
what we need is to use it , by speaking and writing the most we can .
you may think they are hyperactive , but they are normal .
recently I have had a lack of exercise because since last year I have n't played tennis .
in fact , I worked there , and I remember that every morning before going to work , I went jogging near the beach , then I ate delicious seafood .
then Mmy mom said " I ca n't take you on Friday night but if you want to go to camping after practice , I could take you to the camp site . " so I decided to go camping after practice .
- he has a Porsche and a Ferrari .
